---
title: Timber
date: 2007-06-08 04:23:32 PM
tag: old site
---

Last night, we heard a large crash and went outside to investigate. Well, we tried to go outside. A large branch from one of our oak trees had fallen. It fell on the roof, the awning over our back porch, the fence, and the truck. It also landed on the power, phone, and internet lines. Surprisingly, we did not lose any of our services.

Had it happened a few hours earlier, someone might have been injured. Fortunately, no one was in the yard when it happened.

I called the power company around 10:00 PM to have them remove the tree from the power line. The tree was pushing the line onto our garage. It probably would have been okay to leave it overnight. But, I did not want to risk the fire and/or electrical damage.

At midnight, the power company had still not arrived. I called them to see if they could at least give us an ETA. Apparently, they "forgot to report" our problem. It only took another hour and a half before someone finally did show up. Now, we are just waiting on a tree service company to clean up the mess.

We had recently run an electrical line from the house to the garage. The tree is now mostly resting on that line. Had that line not caught the tree, the main power line and other services would definitely been severed. We did lose, however, the line to our garage door opener. But, compared to the scratches on the truck and the damaged awning, it is a minor issue.

Tagline for today: "The other day when I was walking through the woods, I saw a rabbit standing in front of a candle making shadows of people on a tree." - Steven Wright
