---
title: Walking
date: 2004-01-28 12:56:16 PM
tag: old site
---

Lately, I've been taking walks around our block. It helps me get away from my desk. Also, it's good exercise. My wife has been voicing her concerns though. She doesn't like me going outside when the temperature is in single digits or when the wind chill is below zero. Her biggest concern is that I'll slip and fall. Well, I suppose that she's probably right. A lot of the sidewalks and driveways are covered with both ice and snow. You never know if you stepping on just snow or snow-covered ice. In some places it's almost like walking on a skating rink or a frozen pond. What's interesting is that a thin layer of snow makes a wonderful lubricant. Therefore, I do slide around a lot, but I haven't fallen yet, that is until today.

Since I was up a bit earlier than usual, I thought that I'd get a jump on some housekeeping. I did the dishes and laundry. Also, I took the trash out to the curb. This was my downfall, literally. Near the end of the driveway (the end at the street), our driveway curves up on the sides to become level with the sidewalk (like most driveways). Anyway, I happened to step on the ice-covered curve and took a nasty spill. Thanks to a nearby snow pile, the only thing that I hurt was my pride. I looked pretty funny though. The right half of my normally black clothing was caked in snow. Fortunately, nobody was around to take my picture.

Tagline for today: "I saw a tree fall in the woods, and I didn't hear it." - Steven Wright
