---
title: Stitches
date: 2004-09-20 02:31:30 PM
category: Old Site
---

I was supposed to have a nice and quiet weekend. I was relaxing in bed on Saturday morning when I got a call from Rachel at work. She said that she had cut her hand and that she was coming home so I could take her to the doctor's office. Apparently, she had been using a screwdriver and it had slipped and hit her thumb. I jumped out of bed, took my shower, got dressed and ate a quick breakfast.

Rachel called back later and said that she would just go to an urgent care facility that was close to her workplace. I got another call from Rachel saying that she was on her way home. The doctor had put some sort of liquid skin over her cut. Unfortunately, shortly after Rachel got back home, the cut opened back up again. I drove her back to the doctor's office. She received five stitches on her thumb. She is doing better today. She will (hopefully) get the stitches removed in a week.

After things settled down a bit, I spent the rest of Saturday and Sunday reorganizing my office. I purchased a table that matches my two corner desks. The table just barely fits between the two corner desks. I also got two matching file cabinets to fit under the table. Now I have a neat and tidy workspace that covers half of my office. I only wish the rest of my office was as organized. For now, I will wait until I have more money in my office budget.

On Sunday evening, Rachel and I went clothes shopping. This is one of my least favorite activities. However, most of my pants and my belt had too many holes in them. I picked up three new pairs of pants and a new belt. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that my waist size had dropped two inches since the last time I bought clothes!

Tagline for today: "I love to go shopping. I love to freak out salespeople. They ask me if they can help me, and I'd say, 'have you got anything I'd like?' Then they ask me what size I need, and I say, 'Extra medium.'" - Steven Wright
