---
title: The Dryer
date: 2004-07-09 02:37:41 PM
category: Old Site
---

Our dryer conked out on us; it still heats, but it no longer spins. Consequently, one of our comforters got slightly burnt/melted. Fortunately, the house didn't burn down. So, until we got a new dryer, we've had to dry clothes outside. This is fairly problematic with Lorain's weather. I was telling Rachel just to hang out the dirty clothes. The rain will wash them in the mornings and the sun will dry them in the afternoon. I nearly avoided a slap from her.

So, we broke down got a new washer and dryer set. The guys just delivered it a couple of hours ago. I had thought that they were going to take the old units with them, but I was mistaken. I ended up having to wheel them to the curb. I don't think they'll last long though; one guy already came by and said he'd be back for them.

Now that I'm done with my Associate's Degree (provided I pass my final project) I've been looking into schools for my Bachelor's Degree. I now wish I had taken more credits at the Santa Rosa Junior College. Thirteen dollars a credit is hard to beat. Now, I'm looking at three hundred or more dollars a credit. With some luck, I should be able to get a grant. If not, I'll have to get a student loan. I know that this will put me deeper in debt, but I think that it's a good trade-off. Besides, most student loans are interest free, so hopefully it won't be too bad.

Tagline for today: "My wife uses fabric softener. I never knew what that stuff was for. Then I noticed women coming up to me (sniff) 'Married' (walk off). That's how they mark their territory. You can take off the ring, but it's hard to get that April fresh scent out of your clothes." - Andy Rooney
