---
title: Back To Pa
date: 2007-07-17 08:02:59 PM
category: Old Site
---

I am back in Pennsylvania this week on business with a few coworkers. We left yesterday. Since we're staying at a golf resort and motel, my coworkers are planning to do some golfing this week. Anyway, when I arrived at work to load my luggage, I was greeted with a different rental car than the one we had been using. Instead of a van, it was a car. It might not have been too bad if we did not have to take two sets of golf clubs. It took quite an effort to get everything to fit, but we managed.

The ride was uneventful, at least what I remember. I dozed off a few times. Before we arrived at the window plant, we decided to stop for lunch. We ended up stopping at a local pizza place. I did not think I was it was possible, but my calzone had too much cheese.

My room this week is smaller than the one the previous time (but the same size as the one the time before). I wanted to get some schoolwork done, but my internet connection is too flaky. If nothing else, at least this room has a skylight.

Today was tiring. I did not even feel like going out for drinks after dinner. My shoulder has been hurting me; I think that I might have slept on it wrong. Besides, I need to get up earlier tomorrow.

Speaking of drinks, I have noticed that a number of the servers at the local restaurants ask if they could "get us a drink for awhile." That must be a local thing; I have not heard that phrase before.

Before leaving for my trip, I configured my router and home computer so that I could connect to it remotely. This helps with checking some of my e-mail as well as viewing my financial information while I am away. As an added bonus, I can also view the security system cameras.

In my search for additional income, I came across a website that lets you play in online tournaments of various games. This weekend I won in a $2,000 FreeCell tournament. I did not win the top prize of $500, but I did come in 13th winning $30. It is not much, but every bit counts.

This weekend Rachel and I also got new cell phones. We had been using Sprint, but since I do not get Sprint service when traveling, I had to pay about $100 in roaming charges. In addition, I get spotty coverage at work.

In our building, Verizon has a cell repeater to boost the signal. Most of the employees have a Verizon phone making mobile-to-mobile calls free. In addition, we get an employee discount. So, the decision to switch was a simple one.

As I did not want to put out any money up front (for new phones, activation fees, etc.), I was happy when I found phones online for free. The phones are not the latest and greatest, but the price was hard to beat. The only downside is that it did not include a case or a cell phone charge. That will come later.

Tagline for today: "My house is made out of balsa wood, so when I want to scare the neighborhood kids I lift it over my head and tell them to get out of my yard or I'll throw it at them." - Steven Wright
