---
title: Vaccine
date: 2021-04-05 10:10:39 AM
tag: covid-19
---

Today I received the first dose of my COVID-19 vaccine.  I could have received it a bit sooner.  But, since my wife and I are still in isolation, it wasn't critical that we received it immediately.  We knew it would happen eventually and would patiently wait our time.

I could have received my first dose a bit sooner.  But, I was concerned that my wife might have some reactions.  So, we staggered our doses out of caution.  Fortunately, it seems that the worst she had was a sore shoulder and a week of being abnormally tired.  Some people have a worse reaction at the second dose, so we're still hoping for the best.

At least, the two of us will be done with vaccines in about a month.  Unfortunately, this doesn't stop the ongoing talk about vaccines.  "Have you scheduled your vaccine yet?"  "We had a COVID-related incident.  Here are details, and here is how we responded."  "Here's information about scheduling for a vaccine."  "Are you vaccinated?"

I bristle at the last question.  As long as being vaccinated isn't an employment requirement and I'm self-isolating, it shouldn't matter.  I am not a lawyer, but I'm unsure if employers can ask this if it is not an employment requirement.

I don't disagree with mask-wearing or vaccination, as I'm clearly doing both.  It's just too much communication; I'm suffering from pandemic overcommunication fatigue.  It would be great if I could opt-out of this communication for now.
