---
title: Huel
date: 2021-06-25 04:40:30 PM
tags:
    - nutrition
    - fitness
---

I am far from a picky eater.  I'm just as happy eating junk food as I am eating healthier options.  However, I have challenges with both portion control and motivation.  

When it comes to portion control, nothing seems to satiate me.  This means I often eat more than I need to.  Yes, if I were more mindful of what I was eating or ate more slowly, this would be less of an issue.

I also have a challenge with motivation and time.  Or, rather, I have a lack of both.  I am not always extraordinarily motivated to prepare meals, nor do I always have the time to do so without feeling rushed.

So, I set off looking for something easy to portion and prepare.  In addition, it had to be nutritionally complete.  I.e., I was looking for a quick and easy meal replacement.  

Eventually, I came across [Huel (**H**uman + F**uel**)](https://huel.com/pages/about-us).  After a bit of research, I settled on getting [Huel Black Edition](https://huel.com/products/huel-black-edition).  For my first order, I picked Vanilia, Salted Caramel, and Banana as my flavors.  I haven't yet tried the Banana,  but I enjoy the other two.

I would describe the consistency as runny oatmeal.  Of course, you can vary the texture based on the amount of water you add.  I prefer mine chilled and well mixed so that I can drink it on the go.  

Generally, I prepare it the night before and leave it in the refrigerator.  When I'm ready to "eat," I give it a quick shake.  When consuming Huel for breakfast, I usually pair it with a banana and cup of coffee.  For lunch, I'll pair it with an apple.

What I've found is that I feel full without feeling bloated for between four and five hours.  I wouldn't call it a weight loss drink.  But, with consistent portions and less snacking, I've seen my weight trend slightly downward over the past month.

If you are curious to try, you can [use this link to get $15 off your next order](https://huel.mention-me.com/m/ol/yc6bn-james-gayhart) of $50 or more.  
