HAPPY HALLOWEEN
2003-10-31 10:08:14 PM EST 
Well, my wife and I spent two hours handing out candy. It had been a few years since we've handed out candy before. It was nice handing out candy again. In the city of Lorain, candy is only handed out between 6:00 PM and 8:00 PM. This makes it a lot easier to plan for. I think we ended up giving out more than 10 pounds of candy!

===================
VCDS
2003-10-24 10:23:42 PM EST 
I've been trying to make a VCD (a CD that's playable in some DVD players) lately. Unfortunately, I haven't had much success. My parents (back in California) wanted to see a video of my house. I didn't really want to take a video and record it on a VCR tape. So, I thought that it would be kind of cool to make a slide show of all of pictures we had taken and put it on a DVD. Since I don't have a DVD burner, I figure that a VCD was the next best thing.

It took me less than ten minutes to make my sample movie (using Microsoft's Movie Maker), but it took me well over an hour to get it onto a CD. At first, Windows stopped recognizing my CD-RW drive. The problem was a corrupted driver. It only took me a minute to find the drivers online. However, the driver program was supposed to be unpacked to a floppy disk. I've got floppy drives on all of my systems, but I don't have floppy disks anymore. Ugh. I tried making a virtual drive on my computer (using SUBST), but the driver program couldn't be fooled. Ten more minutes of searching got me a usable driver.

Movie Maker was able to burn the movie to the CD. But, Movie Maker doesn't burn using the VCD format. I tried using Easy CD Creator to burn the movie, but it couldn't recognize Movie Maker's output (WMV). After ten minutes of searching, I finally found a program that would convert from Movie Maker's format to format that's suitable for a VCD (MPEG). Well, at least that's what the program said it would do. Easy CD Creator wasn't able to read it correctly, so I had to find another converter.

After finally getting the movie converted, Easy CD Creator kindly informed me that it couldn't recognize my CD-RW drive. Ugh. After spending another twenty minutes downloading the necessary patches I was eventually able to burn my movie in VCD format. It worked on my computer's DVD drive without any problems. It didn't work, however, on my DVD player. I knew that was going to be a possibility so I wasn't too worried; my DVD player is fairly old (as far as DVD players are concerned).

I went to my parents-in-law's house to try on their player. The movie started the first time! So, I stopped the movie so everyone could come into the room and watch. It never played again. Sometimes it would recognize the disk as an audio disk. Sometimes it would recognize the disk at all. After a half hour, I finally gave up. I'll try again another day.

Tagline for today: "Electricity can be dangerous. My nephew tried to stick a penny into a plug. Whoever said a penny doesn't go far didn't see him shoot across that floor. I told him he was grounded." --Tim Allen

===================
FINALS AND BAMBI
2003-10-16 11:09:26 AM EST 
I had a pretty good day yesterday. I spent most of the morning taking final exams. Now, I just have to finish my final project to get my degree. I would like to get it all done before the end of the year. Since I had an abundance of vacation time, I decided to take a few weeks off to work on my project.

For lunch I went to the Golden Corral with my wife and mother-in-law. It is a buffet-style restaurant. Consequently, we got very, very full. It was the first time I had been there. It's a fairly nice place to eat.

For dinner, I had some venison burgers. I think that I've had venison before, but I don't remember. Anyway, they were probably the best burgers that I've had in awhile. I know that some of you out there probably consider me a "Bambi killer". I'd just like to point out that Bambi didn't die in the movie. Bambi's mother, on the other hand, is a different story. (I'm just kidding. Geez!) On a related side note, it is quite interesting to note that Bambi is usually a female's name. However, in the movie Bambi is male (the female deer is called Faline). By the way, my favorite character in the movie is Thumper. "'Eating clovers is a special treat, It makes long ears and great big feet. But it sure is awful stuff to eat.' I made that last part up myself."

===================
WINDY EVENING
2003-10-14 10:37:11 PM EST 
Well, after spending the other day picking up leaves, I'm a bit sad to say that there's more on the ground today. Of course, this was expected. We've got five oak trees on our property. Plus most of our neighbors have trees on their property as well. I didn't expect quite so many in this short amount of time though. With wind gusts up to fifty miles an hour, I shouldn't have been surprised. However, I was a bit surprised that our Halloween-themed leaf bags rolled all over our property. I guess that we'll have to get some larger (heavier) bags.

===================
MORE LEAVES
2003-10-12 08:47:52 PM EST 
We spent most of the afternoon cleaning up leaves. It wasn't as bad as it was last week. We filled up ten small pumpkin bags and three large trash bags. We put the pumpkin bags in front of the house as Halloween decorations.

Yesterday, we did some errands. I needed new socks and shoes. Also, I got a heart rate monitor. I have been exercising for about a month, but I needed something reliable to check my pulse. This thing is pretty cool. There's a strap that goes around your chest to measure your pulse. It sends the information wirelessly to a watch-like device. The "watch" shows the exercise duration the current pulse and the average pulse. I had been using a blood pressure monitor to check my pulse. Unfortunately, after I'm done exercising, my blood pressure gets too high to be checked by the monitor. This method is much better.

Speaking of exercising, I found a great web site called workoutplan.com. You input what type of exercises you can do and how often you want to do them and it creates a customized workout plan for you. As the set of exercises become easier to do, the plan adds more repetitions.

I'll be starting my fifth week of exercising this week. So far I have lost ten pounds. I, of course, have a lot more weight to lose, but I think that this is a great start.

===================
NEW ANTI-VIRUS ENGINE
2003-10-10 04:21:35 PM EST 
I've decided to use the AVG Anti-Virus software from Grisoft. I choose it because it is free and uses less resources than my prior anti-virus software.
===================
NO MORE NEWS FEED
2003-10-10 02:32:35 PM EST 
I use CenturyTel as my internet provider. A few days ago, I noticed that I stopped getting posts on their news server. I sent them an e-mail asking what was up. Here's their response:

> We are sorry to hear about the problems you are having with our newsfeed. Unfortunately, the company that was providing our newsfeed is no longer in that business. We are currently looking for another news provider. We apologize that we were not able to give advance notice to our customers, but we weren't given any warning either. At this time, we are not sure how long it will take before we find another news provider. I understand they already have some they are dealing with now. If there is anything else that we can do for you just let us know.

Okay. I can understand why they couldn't give advance notice, but what about giving notice when they lost their feed?
===================

GOVERNOR SCHWARZENEGGER
2003-10-08 09:37:22 AM EST 
Well, Arnold won the governor recall in California. I can't help but laugh everytime I think about it. The movie Total Recall keeps coming to mind. I also wonder if the reference about Schwarzenegger becoming President in Demolition Man will come true.
===================

MORE WINTER PREPARATIONS
2003-10-05 04:37:29 PM EST 
My in-laws came over today to help remove two air conditioners. Also, my father in law helped to repair my staircase railing. A few weeks ago, I had a nasty fall down the stairs that made the railing too loose to be used safely. I think that I hurt my pride more than anything else. I suppose that I shouldn't wear socks any more as I run down the stairs. My only regret (besides not falling of course) is not having a video camera handy to catch the incident. I imagine that it would have looked pretty funny.
===================

AUTUMN CLEANING
2003-10-04 06:27:48 PM EST 
My wife and I spent most of today cleaning. We did the inside of the house, then we did some yard work. We ended up with about a dozen trash bags filled with leaves and other yard debris.

Also, I did some minor changes to my blog. Now, each blog entry has its own page (when you click the Permalink link). This will allow Google and other search engines to properly index my site.

===================
NO MORE BLOGGER?
2003-10-02 09:43:22 AM EST 
I've decided to stop using blogger.com. I have nothing against blogger.com. However, I wanted to see what it would take to write my own blogging software. I feel that this would give me greater control of how stuff is published. For example, it will allow me to create and publish XML and HTML files simultaneously. This will give me the ability to create a single page for each blog entry that search engines can cache while still giving me the ability to syndicate my blog via RSS/XML.

It took me a few days to get over my cold from a few days ago. Also, it took me a day or so to write my blogging code. So, if you were wondering why there was a gap in my posts, wonder no more.