SNOWBALLS
2003-11-29 04:48:27 PM EST 
After watching the rain all day Thursday, it was kind of nice that the weather changed to something else on Friday. As you can see from the picture, we got just enough snow to coat the ground. I think that we got less than a quarter of an inch because parts of the grass were still visible. It was enough, however, to make a few nice big snowballs. Unfortunately, since no one else was outside at 10:30 at night, I didn't have any one to throw my snowballs at. My wife was wise enough to stay inside. The trees in our backyard weren't quite as lucky. In other parts of the city enough snow was on the ground that snow plows were needed. The only problem we had was that our satellite reception went out (until I cleared off the dish). If the snow gets worse, I may have to buy a snow cover or get a heated dish. But for now, I'll just wait and see.

Tagline for today: "Ah, yes, divorce... from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet." - Robin Williams

===================
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
2003-11-27 08:28:58 PM EST 
My wife and I spent the afternoon at my father-in-law's parents' house for Thanksgiving. I spent some time helping to rewire their television setup. Afterwards, we had a nice and very filling dinner. Of course, I had to indulge in some pumpkin pie as well. On the down side, I'll probably have to exercise a bit more than usual for the next few days. On the up side, I probably won't need to eat for the next few days.

Tagline for today: "After they make Styrofoam, what do they ship it in?" - Steven Wright

===================
ANNIVERSARY CONTINUED
2003-11-26 01:01:59 PM EST 
On Monday night, my parents-in-law took my wife and I to Olive Garden. I think that's the first time that I've ever eaten there (I don't remember). Anyways, the food was great. I had their Tour of Italy. It consists of homemade lasagna, lightly breaded chicken parmigiana, and creamy fettuccine alfredo. I also had their salad and breadsticks. To finish off the meal, I had a nice slice of pumpkin cheesecake. Mmmm.

On a completely different and unrelated note, my father-in-law gave me a large basketball-shaped mug filled with Slim Jims. There's probably about fifty of them. Since they probably won't last the weekend, I think I'll need to do some extra exercising this week.

Tagline for today: "A waist is a terrible thing to mind." - Ziggy

===================
ICICLES
2003-11-24 02:24:47 PM EST 
Well, we've got our first icicle, three of them actually. Okay. So they're only about a quarter inch in length. But they're still our first. It was about 60 degrees this morning. Then it dropped to about 35 degrees. We had rain earlier in the morning so any drops that didn't fall off the windowsill ended up freezing.

Tagline for today: "A study in the Washington Post says that women have better verbal skills than men. I just want to say to the authors of that study: duh." - Conan O'Brien
===================
POPFILE CONTINUED
2003-11-24 09:55:18 AM EST 
I've been using a mail-sorting program called POPFile for the last couple of weeks. So far it's been great. Since I last reset the statistics (on 11/16/2003), it has been 98.66% accurate. Out of just over 600 e-mails, it only misclassified eight e-mails. I think that's pretty good. As an interesting statistic, about half of my e-mail (52.84%) is spam.
===================

ANNIVERSARY
2003-11-24 09:19:36 AM EST 
Since my wife and I were both unable to take time off this week (due to the Thanksgiving holiday), we decided to take vacation time last week to celebrate our two-year anniversary (today). We were planning to go out to dinner and watch some movies. Unfortunately, things didn't turn out quite the way we wanted to. However, we still had a fairly good week:

My wife woke up with cold and flu symptoms on Tuesday. Consequently, she spent most of the rest of the week in bed. I wasn't much better. I had a sore back (I think I slept on it wrong) on Wednesday and Thursday. So, I spent a lot of time in bed with a heating pad.

We did get a chance to watch some movies. Thanks to DirecTV's Pay Per View, we watched Phone Booth, The Italian Job, Shanghai Knights and Anger Management. I think that The Italian Job was the best movie out of the bunch. Thanks to East Of Chicago Pizza, we were able to have a nice (and rather filling) dinner. Now that we're both feeling better we are planning to go out to dinner some time soon.

Tagline for today: "I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it." - Steven Wright

===================
POPCORN POPPER
2003-11-15 02:18:39 PM EST 
My parents-in-law recently got back from their vacation. They drove through Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky and West Virginia. Anyway, when they came back, they gave me a few souvenirs.

The first souvenir is a keychain. The front side has my birthday (May 13th) and some information about that particular day in history: "US declares war on Mexico 1846." "Pope John Paul II shot in St Peters Square 1981." "Joe Lewis, boxer born." "I was born!" The other side has some information about people that were born on that day: "People born on this day can handle any emergencies. They are loyal to friends. Usually good time keepers. They pay good attention to detail." I thought that the information came close in describing what kind of person I am.

The other souvenir, which will probably be the most used, is a hand-crank popcorn popper. For those who know me very well, they know that I could live on popcorn. I have a few air poppers, but air-popped popcorn just doesn't seem to hold salt and butter well. Also, I have microwavable popcorn, but usually, there's too much salt and butter. I figured that with the hand-crank popper, I could get the best of both worlds.

I was planning to wait for my wife to get home from work before I tried it out, but I just couldn't wait. In retrospect, I probably should have. I spent a few minutes washing the pan and then seasoning the pan. My first batch of popcorn only took two minutes. Unfortunately, the heat was a tad too high and I didn't put in quite enough oil. Consequently, I had a few burnt pieces. The rest of the batch (with some salt and Parmesan cheese) was just fine. The bottom of the pan, however, was a different story. With the combination of high heat, low oil and not cranking fast enough, I had welded a few pieces of popcorn to the bottom of the pan.

After about a half hour of washing, drying and re-seasoning, the pan was as good as new. My second batch was better. I had the right amount of oil, but my heat wasn't quite high enough. Instead of taking the recommended three minutes to pop, it took over five minutes. However, with no burnt pieces this time, cleanup was a breeze. I figure that it will take me a few more times before I get the hang of it though. In the meantime, I think I'll go make some popcorn.

Tagline for today: "You know how it is when you decide to lie and say the check is in the mail, and then you remember it really is? I'm like that all the time." - Steven Wright

===================
SNOWING
2003-11-13 05:10:11 PM EST 
The snowfall is starting to get a bit heavier. It doesn't seem like snowflakes though. The consistency is somewhere between snowflakes and hail. It's similar to Dippin' Dots. Oooh. Now I want some ice cream.

Tagline for today: "A friend of mine is into Voodoo Acupuncture. You don't have to go. You'll just be walking down the street, and 'Ooooohhhhhh, that's much better.'" - Steven Wright
===================

WINDY DAY AND NIGHT
2003-11-13 09:47:16 AM EST 
It has been a very windy day and night. Last night, we came home to find that our garbage can (and the trash inside it) was missing. We walked up and down the street but we couldn't find it. We did see, however, that several garbage cans had been blown over. Also, we saw a construction barrel was blown a few blocks from where it had been sitting.

The missing leavesThis morning, not only was our garbage can missing, but several people were missing their garbage cans as well. It had looked as though someone cleaned up all of the trash last night. I'm sure that everything has just blown a few blocks down the street. Also, it looked as someone had raked up all of our leaves. Our backyard was lacking its usual assortment of leaves. After a brief investigation, we found the leaves in a nice pile next to our garage.

Except for a few small branches on our yard, we haven't had any damage so far. Our neighbors unfortunately didn't fare so well. Several pieces of their siding were blown off of their house. One of the pieces is just hanging on by their cable wire. That's been the worst damage that we've seen around her so far. We just heard that they closed down the turnpike for larger vehicles (double and triple tractor-trailers). Our in-laws had been vacationing in Kentucky and were planning to come back up today. We told them to stay there for a while until the wind dies down.

Lastly, as you can see by the pictures, we've been getting a tiny bit of snow. It only lasts on the ground for a few minutes until it melts. About every ten minutes another batch of snow comes through and then melts again. This is all the snow we're supposed to get so fortunately we shouldn't have to shovel today.

Tagline for today: Don't eat the yellow snow.

===================
FIRST ORNAMENT AND KAROKE
2003-11-10 10:34:33 PM EST 
We put our first ornament on our tree. It says "First Christmas In Our New Home 2003". I think that this was very appropriate for our first ornament. The rest of the ornaments, however, will most likely be Tigger-related.

One of my good friends is named Roy. He's known for being a bit on the zany side. So, when my wife and I were driving around the other day and noticed a sign that said "Karaoke With Roy" we took a picture of it for him.

Tagline for today: "The guy [Osama bin Laden] inherited $80 million at age 13 and has since expanded it to $300 million through construction, smart investing, and gas and oil investments. This way, he can use the money in his war against capitalism." - Jay Leno
===================

OUTLOOK PROBLEMS
2003-11-10 11:02:10 AM EST 
Lately, I've been having problems with Microsoft Outlook. I wanted to modify Outlook today (the startup page). However, each time I clicked on the Customize Outlook Today button nothing happened. After spending some time troubleshooting the problem I finally ended up just reinstalling it. That definitely fixed the problem. Of course, after I applied the first service pack I started to have the same problem again. I decided that it was worth my time to get it working again. Besides, I don't have any other problems with Outlook. I did spend a few hours applying all of the latest patches. That should keep it up to date for at least a few days.

===================
LUNAR ECLIPSE?
2003-11-08 10:54:13 PM EST 
There was supposed to be a lunar eclipse tonight. However, due to the thick cloud cover, I didn't get to see any of it. Fortunately, there will be two more next year. After that, there will be a "drought" until 2007.

We spent part of today getting some Christmas decorations. The main thing that we bought was a six-foot fiber optic Christmas tree. It looks very cool. Also, we apparently had some snow flurries today. At least that's what my wife kept telling me. She kept trying to point out each snowflake when she saw them. I think that she was just pulling my chain. I didn't see any.

Tagline for today: "If toast always lands butter-side down, and cats always land on their feet, what happen if you strap toast on the back of a cat and drop it?" - Steven Wright

===================
POPFILE
2003-11-03 05:14:04 PM EST 
I've been using a great program lately called POPFile. It's a free program I found on SourceForge.Net. Basically, it's a POP3 proxy server that sorts e-mail into buckets. You go through and tell POPFile the buckets that e-mail should belong to (spam, work, personal, etc). After it analyzes the first bit of e-mails, it starts to sort out the e-mail automatically. You just have to tell it if the sorting was correct or not. The more e-mails it processes, the more accurate it becomes. Also, you can have it modify the subject and/or the message header based on the bucket. This allows me to have my rules in Outlook automatically handle my spam. It also saves me from having to download me twice (once with a third-party spam filter and again with Outlook). It probably saves me a half an hour to an hour a day!

Tagline for today: "Have you ever noticed that they put advertisements in with your bills now? Like bills aren't distasteful enough, they have to stuff junk mail in there with them. I get back at them. I put garbage in with my check when I mail it in. Coffee grinds, banana peels... I write, 'Could you throw this away for me? Thank You.'" - Andy Rooney

===================
FINAL GRADES
2003-11-02 01:09:13 PM EST 
After waiting more than two weeks, I finally got the results on my final exam. I passed. I got 100% on all of the exams except for one (I only got a 90% on that one). I haven't gotten my exams back yet, so I'm not sure which questions I missed. But, it relieves some of the stress knowing that I passed. Now, I need to focus on my final project.