
MMM... TURKEY....
2003-12-19 09:16:54 AM EST 
My wife and I were planning to cook a turkey for Thanksgiving, but our schedules didn't allow for it. So, for Christmas Eve we're going to cook a turkey. Actually, we already cooked the turkey last night. Considering that this is the first turkey that my wife and I have every bought, prepared, cooked and carved (short of the turkey that comes in TV dinners) I think we did an excellent job. I was happy that we didn't under or over-cook the turkey. I was expecting the turkey to be on the dry side, but I was pleasantly surprised at how juicy it actually turned out. I can't wait to cook some more turkeys.

Tagline for today: "I saw a close friend of mine the other day. He said, 'Steven, why haven't you called me?' I said, 'I can't call everyone I want, my phone has no 5 on it.' He said, 'How long have you had it?' I said, 'I don't know, my calendar has no 7s on it.'" - Steven Wright

===================
FROZEN BUSHES
2003-12-16 05:57:35 PM EST 
Yesterday was an interesting day temperature-wise. The temperature would go a few degrees above freezing for a bit and then drop back down below freezing. The nature result was icicles. Along the roof's edge, we had icicles that were five or six inches long and were up to a half-inch in diameter. As my wife and I were inspecting the roof, trying to get a good picture, we noticed that the bushes in front of our house didn't look quite right. Upon closer inspection, we had found that snow from the roof and the top of the bushes had melted and refrozen. There were more icicles on the bushes than were on the house. In fact, the front of most of the bushes had several layers of icicles and had since become frozen solid!

Tagline for today: "I got a chain letter by fax. It's very simple. You just fax a dollar bill to everybody on the list." - Steven Wright

===================
CHRISTMAS 2003 LETTERS
2003-12-14 06:21:24 PM EST 
This week we got our Christmas letters out in the mail. If you don't receive a letter within the next few weeks (and would like to receive a letter), just send an email with your mailing address. I also decided to post the picture (that we sent out with the letters). We had wanted to get our picture taken with Santa, but unfortunately our work schedules wouldn't allow it. However, I think the picture turned out just fine. After sealing the letters, we had the idea to put a decorative border around the picture. So, the posted picture is only slightly different from the one we sent out. From left to right, that's Rachel (my wife), Emily (our dog) and me.

Tagline for today: "I bought my brother some gift-wrap for Christmas. I took it to the Gift Wrap department and told them to wrap it, but in a different print so he would know when to stop unwrapping." - Steven Wright

===================
ADVANCED SEARCH
2003-12-10 06:49:12 PM EST 
I've added an advanced search feature to my website. I was getting tired of not having the ability to sort the results. I'm still testing this feature, so use at your own risk.
===================
PRINTER PROBLEMS
2003-12-10 01:34:07 PM EST 
I was trying to print out some letters yesterday on my printer (I have an Epson Stylus C80) and I was having some problems. After printing about a dozen letters, I noticed that I started to get some gaps in the printout. Tried to run the ink head cleaning utility, but I didn't have much luck. I kept getting a message a being low on yellow ink. So, I skipped the cleaning for a bit. However, it wouldn't let me print anything any more. The printer has a black ink cartridge in addition to the color ones. It was frustrating to not be able to print a black and white document simply because I didn't have any yellow ink.

The next day, I put in a new yellow cartridge and tried the cleaning again. I got a bit farther, but then I started getting messages that I was now out of magenta. I replaced the magenta cartridge and tried cleaning again. I got a lot farther this time, but then the printer told me that I was out of cyan. Fortunately, I had the foresight to purchase all three colors.

After getting the cyan cartridge change and the print heads cleaned, I was once again able to print. It's times like these that I miss my old black and white daisy-wheel printer.

Tagline for today: "I eat Swiss cheese from the inside out." - Steven Wright

===================
SHOVELING SNOW
2003-12-05 06:35:53 PM EST 
Well, today was the first day that I had to shovel snow. About half of the driveway had about an inch or two of power. The remainder of the stuff (what I'm shoveling in the picture) is mostly slush. Hopefully now the tire tracks won't turn to ice. It should also be a lot easier getting to and from the garage now. Besides, after all of the food I consumed over the Thanksgiving holiday, I probably need some additional exercise.

Tagline for today: "While I was gone, somebody rearranged all the furniture in my bedroom. They put it in exactly the same place it was. When I told my roommate, he said: 'Do I know you?'" - Steven Wright

===================
CELL PHONE INVOICE
2003-12-04 02:02:18 PM EST 
After living in Ohio for over six months, I finally decided to change my cell phones from California phone numbers. Since I didn't want to pay the early termination fees and since I couldn't afford new cell phones, I decided to stick with my current provider (Sprint PCS). It only took about a half hour over the phone to get everything switched over. That's a bit longer than I expected, but it wasn't too bad. It definitely beats having to go to a store.

When I got my invoice today, I was a bit surprised. The total was more than $200.00. My wife and I hardly use our cell phones, so I figured that it must be some sort of mistake. After scanning the nine pages of our invoice (that contained only 15 calls), I found the problem: I was charged two $150.00 cancellation fees, but I only got credited for one of them. Ugh. Time to put another phone call in. The CSR that I talked to was very nice and apologetic. She admitted that a mistake was done to my account and that she would credit the remaining $150.00. I'm not too surprised though. I most likely would have kept calling until I got the bill straightened out.

Fortunately this time it wasn't much of a hassle. I've called my landline phone company (CenturyTel) about my invoice before and they thought I was crazy. After working over nine years in the billing industry, I tend to nitpick all of the invoices that I receive. I noticed that on my CenturyTel invoice "directory assistance" had been misspelled. When I called in to report the problem, the CSR didn't really believe me. He had asked me what I wanted them to do about it. I told them that it didn't bug me too much, but since it's probably appearing on other subscribers' invoices, they may want to take care of it. Nearly a year later and they finally got it spelled correctly. At least the CSR at Sprint didn't think I was insane. :)

Tagline for today: "All of the people in my building are insane. The guy above me designs synthetic hairballs for ceramic cats. The lady across the hall tried to rob a department store, with a pricing gun. She said, 'Give me all of the money in the vault, or I'm marking down everything in the store.'" - Steven Wright