WALKING
2004-01-28 12:56:16 PM EST 
Lately, I've been taking walks around our block. It helps me get away from my desk. Also, it's good exercise. My wife has been voicing her concerns though. She doesn't like me going outside when the temperature is in single digits or when the wind chill is below zero. Her biggest concern is that I'll slip and fall. Well, I suppose that she's probably right. A lot of the sidewalks and driveways are covered with both ice and snow. You never know if you stepping on just snow or snow-covered ice. In some places it's almost like walking on a skating rink or a frozen pond. What's interesting is that a thin layer of snow makes a wonderful lubricant. Therefore, I do slide around a lot, but I haven't fallen yet, that is until today.

Since I was up a bit earlier than usual, I thought that I'd get a jump on some housekeeping. I did the dishes and laundry. Also, I took the trash out to the curb. This was my downfall, literally. Near the end of the driveway (the end at the street), our driveway curves up on the sides to become level with the sidewalk (like most driveways). Anyway, I happened to step on the ice-covered curve and took a nasty spill. Thanks to a nearby snow pile, the only thing that I hurt was my pride. I looked pretty funny though. The right half of my normally black clothing was caked in snow. Fortunately, nobody was around to take my picture.

Tagline for today: "I saw a tree fall in the woods, and I didn't hear it." - Steven Wright

===================
FAUCET, WRONG NUMBER AND COTTON CANDY
2004-01-25 06:39:24 PM EST 
Since my wife had to work Friday night, I thought that would be a great time to install the faucet. I turned off the water to the house and let the remaining water in the lines drain out. The hot water supply line came out with no problems (probably because I had already taken it out a few days prior). The cold water supply line was a bit more difficult. I was able to disconnect the end that connects to the water supply, but I had several difficulties disconnecting the faucet end. I decided just to remove the old faucet with the supply line intact.

After I had the faucet out I had quite a mess on my hand. Between the faucet and the sink there was a lot of old plumber's putty. I probably spent a half hour removing the putty. It was especially difficult without running water. I was tempted to use some melted snow.

Putting the new faucet in went a lot smoother (and quicker) then removing the old one. After I got everything in, I turned the water back on. So far nothing was leaking. However, when I turned on the faucet, water started to spray everywhere. It turns out that I was missing a washer between the spray hose and the sprayer. After I got the washer in, everything seemed just fine. But, as I was testing out the sprayer, I realized that the hose kept catching on some of the pipe work. I should have run the hose in front of the hot water supply instead of behind it. I had to shut off the water again to move hot water supply line.

Since I couldn't completely tighten the faucet (I needed one person above the sink and one person below), I decided to start work on the soap dispenser. The dispenser went in fairly quick. Actually, it went in too quick. There was a piece I needed inside the soap container so I had to remove the dispenser to retrieve it. In all, I think everything turned out pretty good. I think I only spent about two hours getting the faucet and the soap dispenser in.

Yesterday, on the way back from dinner, my wife's cell phone started to ring. Since she didn't recognize the number I answered the phone for her. The woman on the other end seemed like she knew me so she started to tell me about her day. I told that I had been out partying and drinking. Since she didn't want me drinking and driving (in reality I was doing neither), I told her I'd pull over and call her back. She must have gotten worried because she called back an hour later looking for someone named "Kamal". So, if you reading this Kamal, I hope you didn't get into too much trouble. :)

Today, my wife and I tightened the faucet. We also replaced the gasket to our garbage disposal. Considering that this was the first time for both of us and since we didn't have many instructions, I think that we did great.

Since we did everything that we had planned for the weekend, we spent some time breaking in the cotton candy machine. My wife had spent several years at Cedar Point making cotton candy so this was nothing new for her. However, it was a wonderful treat for me. Even though the candy came out white (instead of a more traditional pink or blue) it tasted just as good. The only downside (maybe its an upside) is that we could consume the candy faster than the machine could make it. Next time, we're going to see if we can use a sugar substitute (like Splenda) to make calorie-free cotton candy.

Tagline for today: "I saw this movie about a bus that had to SPEED around a city, keeping its SPEED over fifty, and if its SPEED dropped, it would explode! I think it was called 'The Bus That Couldn't Slow Down'." - Homer Simpson

===================
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RACHEL
2004-01-20 11:49:42 AM EST 
Birthday hatMy parents-in-law and I celebrated my wife's birthday yesterday at the Texas Roadhouse. This was my second or third time there (I don't remember). The place is a bit nosy and the atmosphere is a bit more like a bar than a restaurant. However, they have great food. I had a nice 10-ounce rib-eye steak and a baked sweet potato loaded with marshmallows and caramel sauce. I probably set my weight-loss goal back a few pounds but it was worth it.

We got to embarrass my wife by having all of the servers come out and announce to the restaurant that it was her birthday. Also, they made her a hat out of balloons (which I made her wear so I could take her picture). I'm expecting her revenge any day now.

Afterwards we went to my parents-in-law's house to have some ice cream cake and to watch her unwrap her presents. I'm not sure what her favorite present is, but I've been eyeing the cotton candy machine.

Tagline for today: "My grandmother has a bumper sticker on her car that says, 'Sexy Senior Citizen'. You don't want to think of your grandmother that way, do you? Out entering wet shawl contests. Makes you wonder where she got that dollar she gave you for your birthday." - Andy Rooney

===================
SNOW, ICE AND A FAUCET
2004-01-19 02:13:38 PM EST 
It has been a fairly cold couple of weeks. I couldn't see out the side mirrors of my truck because they were coated with ice. Fortunately for me since I work at home my wife does most of the driving. I don't mind driving in rain or even snow. But, once the roads get covered with ice I leave the driving to other people. Aside from driving, I do enjoy the wintry weather even if it means that I have to shovel the driveway up to three times a day.

A few days ago, I decided to get some winter clothes. I have a nice jacket (that I've had for over five years). But, I wanted something that would cover my head as well. I picked up a new jacket that came with a hood. This makes the snow shoveling a lot warmer. Also, since I kept complaining about a loss of dexterity when I wearing gloves, I got a pair of fingerless gloves. These gloves are a lot warmer than my previous pair. It looks like a mitten, but when I need to use my fingers (like when I'm trying to tie my shoes), I can remove part of the glove to expose my fingertips. I picked the stuff up for a song at Wal*Mart. I should have known better; the outer lining of the gloves started to fall apart after shoveling snow a few times. The damage was easily repaired with a sewing kit. I'm still trying to find a nice pair of snow boots though.

I like to get my taxes done before March, so I picked up the latest edition of TurboTax. I've used TurboTax for the last few years with good success. Since I use Quicken for all of my financials, it usually only takes about a day to do my taxes.

My wife wanted a new kitchen faucet for her birthday (which is today). I've replaced a faucet or two in my time, so I didn't think that I'd have many problems. I was wrong. I figured that in addition to a new faucet, I should replace the supply lines. To make sure I had the correct length, I decided to remove one of the supply lines before we went to the store to pick out a faucet. The shutoff valves under the sink slowed down the water but it didn't shut it off completely. So, I had to shut off the water for the entire house. Also, I had to turn on the faucets upstairs and downstairs to remove all of the pressure from the lines.

Once the water stopped dripping, I started to remove the line. The first nut came off surprisingly easy. I had expected it to be rusted on. The second nut (connected near the faucet) was much harder. I couldn't quite get a good look at the connection; so I had to remove the nut by feel. I had turned the nut a few times, but it didn't seem to be getting looser. I finally figured out that the supply line was connected to another flexible pipe. Once I figured that out the supply line came out nicely. Of course, it only took about thirty minutes.

After braving icy roads for a half-hour, we arrived at Home Depot. We spent at least another half-hour looking through their catalogs to find the right faucet. Once we found the once we wanted, we were told that we would have to order it and wait for three days. Apparently, they were in the process of remodeling their kitchen section so they didn't have any faucets on hand. They suggested going to a different store. Ugh. Since it was getting quite dark out, we decided to go back home. A half-hour later, we were back where we started. Yesterday, we were able to go to a different Home Depot for a faucet. Hopefully, I'll have it installed by tomorrow.

Tagline for today: "Doin' a little work around the house. I put fake brick wallpaper over a real brick wall, just so I'd be the only one who knew. People come over and I'm gonna say, ' Go ahead, touch it. It feels real.'" - Steven Wright

===================
STRESS BALL AND EXERCISING
2004-01-05 09:56:34 AM EST 
One of the gifts that I received this Christmas (and probably one of the most used) is a yellow stress ball. The ball has several error messages and annoying phrases that could stress people out. How many have you seen: permission denied, access denied, fault tolerance, FIFO, fatal error, network not available, Internet security warning, network connection error, system unrecoverable, debugging, blue screen of death, pc load letter, need ASAP, think outside the box, offending command, unable to locate printer, unpaid overtime, casual Friday, error #97, a serious error occurred, virus detected, save your work and restart all programs, hacked, glitch, runtime error, syntax error, file application error, out of disk space, out of memory, exceed expectations, team player, disk space full, and password expired.

In other news, I'm not doing very well on one of my New Year's Resolutions: I thought I was doing great about losing weight. However, I had been starting to suspect that my analog scale wasn't accurate. Sometimes, it wasn't going back to zero. So, I tossed it out and got a nice digital scale. Unfortunately, my new scale says that I'm heavier than I thought. However, if my analog scale was consistently incorrect, then I'm still doing well about losing weight.

Well, even if my weight loss isn't going as quickly as I'd like, regular exercising is having other positive benefits: When I started exercising a few months ago, I had Stage 3 Hypertension. Recently, it has come down between normal and high normal.

Tagline for today: "Smoking cures weight problems, eventually." - Steven Wright

===================
HAPPY NEW YEAR
2004-01-01 02:09:21 PM EST 
I'd like to say happy New Years to everyone out there. I hope that everyone had a safe time last night. My wife and I had a nice dinner with my parents-in-law at our house. We had some turkey (leftover from Christmas), stuffing, roll, cranberry sauce and some candied yams. Considering that this was the first time that I had made turkey or candied yams, I think that they both turned out pretty good. My wife made a wonderful cherry cobbler for dessert. Let the leftover lunches begin!

2003 was an interesting year for me. It was filled with firsts: It was the first time I had moved into my own house. It was the first time I had a holiday without my relatives. It was the first time I had a white Christmas. It was the first time my commute to work was a walk upstairs. It was the first time I drove cross-country. It was the first time I saw lightning bugs.

Like most people, I would like to make my list of New Year's Resolutions for 2004: My first Resolution is to finish my Associates Degree. I had hoped that I would be finished by the end of the year, but my final project was larger than I had expected. The scope of the project centers on the computerization of a fictional doctor's office. The project is broken up into 11 sub-projects. I've already finished the first two projects and I'm halfway through the third.

My second Resolution is drop down to the weight I was when I was in high school. Fortunately, I'm already halfway to my goal. My wife has been very supportive of me mainly by not laughing when I do my exercises and by not giving me strange looks when I by exercise-related equipment.

My third and final Resolution is to get a better handle on my debt. Unless my wife or I get a higher paying job or we win the lottery, there is no possible way to get out of debt this year. So, I am going to concentrate on the debts with higher interest rates, mainly credit cards. A few years ago, I closed all of my credit card accounts. Now, I only write checks or use a debit card. However, I'm still paying off the credit cards. My solution is to get an equity line on the house. That way, instead of paying an average of 13 percent, I will only pay 6 percent. That will enable me to pay the cards off faster. In addition, it should give a better cash flow so that I can pay more towards other debts as well.

Well, there was probably more that I wanted to say, but I hear a turkey sandwich calling me downstairs. Have a good year!

Tagline for today: "I was watching the Superbowl with my 92 year old grandfather. The team scored a touchdown. They showed the instant replay. He thought they scored another one. I was gonna tell him, but I figured the game HE was watching was better." - Steven Wright