
LOTS OF SNOW
2004-12-23 05:26:59 PM EST 
I do not mind shoveling snow, however today was a bit of a pain. It had been snowing quite a bit yesterday. We had shoveled our driveway twice as well as shoving my parents-in-law's driveway twice. Overnight, we got at least a foot of snow. We were almost unable to open our back door (my parents-in-law were unable to open their front door). We tried shoveling for a bit, but the process was too tiring and inefficient. Fortunately, we have a small electric snow blower. It is not the greatest, but after two hours of work, we were able to get the driveway cleared.

My father-in-law, Ken, is a diabetic. He needed to go to dialysis this morning. However, their driveway was just as bad as ours was. So, we loaded up our snow blower and attempted to drive over there. Normally a ten-minute drive, it took us at least a half hour to get there. None of the roads had been plowed. We had to drive in the ruts that other vehicles had made. We only were stuck in the snow a few times. Fortunately, we only had to rock the truck back and forth to free ourselves. Of course, once we got there, we got stuck trying to pull into their driveway. After a few hours of digging and using multiple snow blowers, we were finally able to send Ken on his way to dialysis.

Driving home was a bit less problematic. With the unfortunate exception of our road, most of the roads had been plowed. We were a couple of blocks away from our house when we noticed that someone had left their car in the road (presumably it was stuck). Anyway, since the ruts in the road would not let us drive around the car, we had to drive around the block. Fortunately, we only got stuck briefly trying to pull back into our driveway. Our neighbor, on the other hand, was not as lucky. He had broken his only snow shovel, so I went to help dig him out of the snow.

After today's events, Rachel and I decided that we should invest in a stronger snow blower and a different vehicle. I enjoy my Dodge Dakota, but since it is rear-wheel drive and since the rear end of the truck is the lightest part of the vehicle, we are not able to handle this much snow. Also, it is kind of a pain being limited to being able to transport only two people and having to carry everything in the back of the truck. Taking groceries home when it is sunny is fine, but it is another matter when it is raining or snowing. Since we want something that has four-wheel drive and better weight distribution, we have been looking at a Dodge Durango.

The dogs are really enjoying the snow even if it is deeper than they are tall. When they run through the yard, they almost look like dolphins jumping out of water and then diving back in. Of course, if we get much more snow, the dogs will be able to jump over the fence.

With today's weather, I am glad that I received a couple of my Christmas presents early. Rachel got me a pair of boots and a couple pairs of wool socks. My tennis shoes are normally fine, however when the snow gets more than a few inches thick, my shoes (and socks) get wet. Now, I can go for much longer in deeper snow without getting wet. In fact, I was in snow that was between one and two feet deep for several hours today while my feet stayed nice and warm. Also, the wool socks are doubling as my slippers. When the roads are more drivable, I think that Rachel and I are going to pick up a couple pairs of snow pants. Both of us fell in the snow a couple times today (sometimes on accident, sometimes on purpose). Having wet jeans is not pleasant.

Speaking of Christmas, we have finally finished our Christmas letters and will be sending them out shortly. They would be going out today, but we have not seen our postal carrier yet. In the meantime, I posted our Christmas card photo online. If you do not get a letter, please let me know. In May, when the home computer crashed, we lost most of our addresses.

Tagline for today: "I used to be Snow White, but I drifted." - Mae West

===================
FIRST DAY OF WINTER
2004-12-21 02:38:02 PM EST 
Today is the first day of winter. Surprisingly, today has been warmer than the last couple of days. Yesterday, the temperature dropped to seven degrees and it never got higher than twenty degrees. Today it is nearly forty. It is a bit weird to see snow on the ground for a day, then nothing, and then snow again. I wish the snow would be a bit more consistent; I rather enjoy shoveling it (yes, I'm serious about the shoveling). The dogs love the snow too; I have to keep telling them to not eat the snow (especially the yellow snow).

Of course, as much as the dogs and I enjoy the snow, the cold weather can be treacherous at times. On Sunday, Rachel had to brave the ice-covered roads to go to work. Unfortunately, she did not fare to well. When entering the freeway, she hit a patch of ice. She came within inches of hitting a guardrail. After traveling on the freeway for a while unable to see the lines on the road, she decided it was best to turn around. On the way back to the house, Rachel hit another patch of ice and ended up on the side of the road facing the wrong way. Fortunately, neither her nor the truck was damaged. She made it home without further incident. A few hours later, after the snowplows had done their thing, Rachel was able to go back to work.

As it is almost Christmas, Rachel and I sent some presents to our family members who live out of state. Well, at least we thought they were sent. We went to Mail Boxes Etc. last Saturday to have the presents packaged and shipped. Yesterday, they called me to say that they had some problems. Apparently, they mixed up the presents. I hope that everything was straightened out and that everyone will receive what we intend them to receive.

Last week, after waiting for our timer to turn of our Christmas decoration, I found that the timer does not work at all. Apparently, "outdoor" does not include cold weather. Anyway, I was still able to use the timer box as a switch to turn the decorations on and off. Unfortunately, the timer eventually ceased to function altogether. Now, I am using a handy remote that allows me to turn the decorations on and off from inside the house.

We finally got our fence finished last week. We now have a six-foot tall wood fence that goes down the west side of our property. We no longer have annoying neighbors (actually, we haven't had neighbors on the west side for several months), but now it will be harder for future neighbors to bother us. We also had our wire fence replaced with chain link fencing. Now, I feel more comfortable letting the dogs out to play.

Last Saturday was the last of my English class (Basic Composition Skills). I am happy to announce that I received an "A". Unfortunately, this class was a non-credit class. I needed to take a few non-credit classes to account for some of the differences between my last school and St. Leo. Anyway, this is my last non-credit class, so every class after this point will count towards my degree (and my GPA). My next class is a Math class (Algebra and Functions). I am good with Algebra, so I expect to do well in the class. At the current rate, I should receive my Bachelor's degree in the beginning of 2008.

Since my next class does not start until January 3, I have been trying to catch up on some reading. Lately, I have been reading books from the Xanth series at the rate of one per day. Hopefully, I will be finished with all of the books on my current reading list by February.

Last night, Rachel saw a mouse by the furnace. We were trying to figure out where the mouse was living, as we had not seen any droppings. We eventually figured out that it was living in one of my old shoes. After some further investigation, we think that it came inside via a hole by our gas line. So, we set out a couple of mousetraps and we plugged the hole with some steel wool until we can get something more permanent.

Tagline for today: Whoever coined the phrase "Quiet as a mouse" has never stepped on one.

===================
LET IT SNOW
2004-12-13 08:38:26 PM EST 
Last night when Rachel and I were watching TV, the wind started to howl. I think that we were getting gusts of up to fifty miles an hour. In addition, the temperature dropped at least five degrees in as many minutes. When, I got up this morning, there was hardly any snow on the ground. However, through the course of the day, we got at least two inches of snow. I guess that once you start to shovel snow, you know that winter's upon you.

Other than shoveling snow (which I usually enjoy), I had some problems with our Christmas decorations. Rachel and I put up two inflatable Tiggers. Since it is not recommended to run them for more than eight hours, we unplug them every night. When I went to plug them in this afternoon, they were buried in the snow. In fact, one of the Tiggers even had an icicle or two. It took a few moments before I could finally get them inflated. I also did a bit of rewiring. As I don't really enjoy going outside to turn them off, I got everything attached to a timer. Also, I put in new extension cords. I had been using one that was at least a hundred feet (it was the smallest one I had).

Tagline for today: "Can you believe how many award shows they have now? They have awards for commercials. The Cleo Awards, a whole show full of commercials. I taped it and then I fast-forwarded through the whole thing." - Andy Rooney