OUT OF THE HOSPITAL
2004-06-21 05:16:44 PM EST 
Kelly's doing much better. When we took her to the hospital, she just sat on our laps, hardly moving. When we picked her up this morning, she was moving around a lot. She was even wagging her tail again. The doctor found a plastic bag in her stomach. Rachel and I didn't recognize the bag, but we suspect that it came from our neighbors (it isn't the first time we've had their trash in our yard). Kelly's still a bit lethargic (due to the medication) and she has to eat different food for a few days. But, she should be fine by the end of the week. The only thing she'll miss is her first day of training today.

I had been doing exercises on a regular basis for quite a few months now. However, the website work I got my new workout plans each week (www.workoutplan.com) is apparently no longer operating. I suppose that I'll have to find a new website that does free workout plans. I've found a few already that charge, but I'm too frugal (cheap) to pay.

sunset at Yanni'sI took a picture of the sunset from the parking lot at Yanni's. We were within walking distance to the shore. However, after a very filling meal, we decided to just stay in the car.

To prevent again further data loss, I invested in a Maxtor One Touch drive. The drive holds about 300 gigabytes of data. This is more than enough to backup my home computer, work computer and laptop. The only downside is that I have to manually connect it to each computer that I want to backup. The main feature of the drive is a single button on the front. When you press it, it automatically backs up the files that you select. What I really like about the drive is that the button on the front has a couple of blue LEDs built in to it. In my office, most of the LEDs are either greed or red. It's nice to see a different color once in awhile.

Tagline for today: "In Vegas, I got into a long argument with the man at the roulette wheel over what I considered to be an odd number." - Steven Wright

===================
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY
2004-06-20 11:29:58 PM EST 
Last night I received a card and the first season of A-Team on DVD from Rachel. That should last me a few days. Today, from my dogs, I received a new shirt and a box of chocolates (which probably won't last the night). This afternoon my parents-in-law, my grandparents-in-law, Rachel and I went out to lunch at Yanni's. Yanni's, if I haven't mentioned is a great place to eat. I don't think we have had a bad meal yet.

One of our dogs, Kelly, isn't been doing so well. Last night, after we got by from dinner at Yanni's (did I say how good it is?) we noticed that Kelly had been throwing up in her crate. We figured that she probably ate something in the yard that she wasn't supposed to (Beagles are know for thinking everything is food). So, we decided to see if it would pass. Today, she still was throwing up (though not as much). But, she wasn't eating any food or drinking hardly any water. We took her to the emergency room before she got any worse.

The doctor said that he felt a blockage in her stomach. We had x-rays done, but the object must not have been very dense because nothing showed on the x-rays. I'm betting that it's a piece of bark. They are keeping her overnight to remove the blockage. They're planning to stick a camera down Kelly's throat to see what the blockage is and if they can remove it. If that doesn't work they'll have to cut into her stomach. Hopefully we'll know something within the next few hours. I think Kelly just doesn't want to do her pet training.

I've been doing well on my reading, probably too well. I'm halfway through re-reading On A Pale Horse (my favorite book of all time by the way). I decided to stop reading this series (The Incarnations Of Immortality) until I have a few more books in that series. In the Xanth series, I've finished re-reading, A Spell For Chameleon, The Source Of Magic, and I'm nearly finished with Castle Roogna (books number one, two and three respectively). I got hooked on Piers Anthony in the eighth grade when my friend's mother read me part of Night Mare, the sixth book in the Xanth series. I stopped reading after Roc And A Hard Place (book number nineteen). But now that I have more time (and a larger bookshelf), I'm looking forward to reading again.

Tagline for Today: "Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says 'If an emergency, notify:' I put 'DOCTOR'. What's my mother going to do?" - Steven Wright

===================
STRAWBERRY POPCORN AND A COMPUTER
2004-06-17 05:41:57 PM EST 
Since it's summer again, Rachel decided to plant some strawberry popcorn again. Out of four seeds only one plant survived. That is until very recently. Kara had decided that it must have been food so she jumped into the flowerpot and ate most of the plant. I suppose we can try again next year.

Last night, while Rachel and I were out walking the dogs, we noticed that our neighbor had put a computer to the curb. It looked decent enough, but we had our hands full at the moment. This morning I saw that was still sitting there amongst the other trash so I decided to bring it inside. I was surprised when it booted right away. In fact, I was surprised absolutely nothing on it had been erased. There were prior tax returns and other financial information on the hard drive. Fortunately for my neighbor, I'm not the type of person to take advantage of this. So, I will shred the hard drive.

I'm not sure what to do with the computer. It's a 366 Mhz AMD-K6 with a four-gigabyte hard drive and 32 megabytes of RAM. Plus it's got a floppy and CD-ROM drive. Maybe I'll just use it as a test system or something.

===================
PET TRAINING
2004-06-16 07:29:27 PM EST 
Rachel and I decided to enroll Kelly and Kara in an eight-week basic training course at PETsMART. They're slowly learning with us. But it would probably be more beneficial for them (and us) to have structured training. Our first class was last Monday. Since we didn't have the dogs with us (it was just an orientation) the class went by quickly. I'm excited (and anxious) to bring them to class next week. They gave us a training guide to study. Also, I've been reading The Complete Idiot's Guide To Beagles (among other things).

Speaking of reading, I've redesigned my site to show the books that I'm reading along with a link to buy them. Now that I've got a bit more spare time, I've decided to take up reading again. I hope to go through at least one new book a month.

When I was on vacation, Rachel and I ate at Eat 'n Park. It was the first time that we'd ever been there. We weren't too happy with our experience: I couldn't have a baked potato and the salad bar was closed. Rachel wasn't allowed to make substitutions (the manager later allowed it). When we got our meal, my dressing was served on my arm. I've had worse though. One time, I had a diet coke served down the front of my shirt and in my lap. Anyway, I sent Eat 'n Park a complaint e-mail. I was surprised at the quick e-mail response. I was also surprised to receive a letter with two five-dollar gift certificates a few days later. So, maybe we'll try them again. Unfortunately, the closest one to us is about twenty-five miles away in Parma. Fortunately the gift certificates don't have an expiration date.

While we were driving on our vacation, we made a list of the different state license plates that we found. Here's our list: Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Wisconsin.

Tagline for today: "When I was 8, I played little league. I was on first; I stole third; I went straight across. Earlier that week, I learned that the shortest distance between two points was a direct line. I took advantage of that knowledge." - Steven Wright

===================
HOME AGAIN
2004-06-11 12:37:49 PM EST 
We brought home the dogs from being boarded yesterday. The person at the front desk said that they were good, for the most part. Apparently Kara and Kelly managed to crawl underneath the barrier separating them and another dog. The person had said that's the first time that has ever happened and they're still trying to figure out how the dogs got through. Anyway, the dogs were very happy to come home. They were smiling the entire trip. They must have enjoyed their "therapeutic baths" that they received during their stay.

Tagline for today: "Did you ever hear one of these corny, positive messages on someone's answering machine? 'Hi, it's a great day and I'm out enjoying it right now. I hope you are too. The thought for the day is Share the love. Beep.' 'Uh, yeah... this is the VD clinic calling.... Speaking of being positive, your test is back. Stop sharing the love.'" - Andy Rooney

===================
SHOPPING
2004-06-09 09:57:00 AM EST 
Since we had some free time last night, Rachel and I decided to do some shopping. We got a cover for Kara and Kelly's crate (just for when we need to transport them). Of course we got them another toy. It's a bone-shaped tennis ball with a rope attached to it. Hopefully they'll like it. Rachel got herself some new clothes. I got a new watchband. I've got a Timex Ironman Triathlon watch. This is the first time that I can remember that the watch outlasted the watchband. I've probably had the watch for at least five years. The old band was fabric with a Velcro strap. It was okay, but it would hold water whenever I got it wet. Plus, the Velcro was wearing out. The new band is a plastic/rubber band. The band is thinner than the old one, so it fits a lot better. In fact, I slept with my watch on and I didn't even realize that I was still wearing it until I got out of the shower.

Also, we picked up a package of fireworks. I haven't lit any fireworks since New Years Day 2000. Since Ohio doesn't allow a lot of the larger fireworks without a permit (though it doesn't stop a lot of people), most of the fireworks are smoke bomb type fireworks. But, I suspect that we'll still have fun setting them off.

Tagline for today: "I Xeroxed my watch. Now I have time to spare." - Steven Wright

===================
ON VACATION
2004-06-08 08:56:00 AM EST 
Me, on vacation? No, not really. Rachel had to recertify in food safety. Since they were holding the recertification at the Cuyahoga Falls Target and since she had to be there for a few days, we decided to find a local hotel. We're staying at the Country Inn & Suites. Our room is very nice. We've got a bedroom, bathroom, living room and a kitchen area. Heck, it's probably bigger than some studio apartments. In the living room, there's a TV, a couch, a few chairs and a table. What's especially nice is the high-speed internet connection (150 kbps up, 1 mbps down). Okay. I guess that any place were I can plug in a laptop doesn't quite qualify as a vacation. But, at least I'm out of the house.

Last night, Rachel and I went swimming. The hotel has a whirlpool and a heated pool (both indoors). It was very refreshing. It's probably been a couple of years since the last time I went swimming. We eventually want to put a pool in at our house. But, we'll obviously have to wait until we can actually afford it.

I was going to say, it was nice sleeping in this morning, but Rachel had to be at the training at 8:00 AM. So, I'm trying to get some schoolwork done. Unfortunately, I don't have all of the tools I need (like Word and Access) to do my work. I'll need to find something to occupy my time. I'll probably spend some time reading (we got a free newspaper and I brought some Dilbert books). I was thinking about going back to sleep, but after my third cup of coffee, I don't think I can. Even though our room has a small (4-cup) coffee maker, I know why I only have a single-cup coffee maker at home.

My Tivo has spoiled Rachel and I. When we were watching TV last night, she kept telling me to "fast forward" past the commercials. It was even worse when I had to find something on "live" TV. Usually we have several programs ready to watch. Since I don't like most morning TV programs, I'm glad I found the World Poker Tour playing. That should (hopefully) last me a few hours. My only problem now is that I have to time my bathroom and food breaks during commercials (instead of "pausing" TV).

Rachel and I are planning to see the next Harry Potter movie tonight. We saw Shrek 2 last week. Shrek 2 is at least as good as the first one. If you plan to see it, stay through the credits otherwise you're going to miss a scene. It was nice to go to the movies. We don't normally go out, so it was a good change of pace.

The only downside to vacationing is that we weren't able to take our dogs with us. Emily might have been able to stay with our parents-in-law (they were on vacation at the time), but Kara and Kelly are quite a handful. So, we reluctantly boarded them with our vet. Hopefully they won't miss us too much. Rachel and I are planning to take another quick vacation soon, so it would be nice to have a place where our dogs don't mind going.

Tagline for today: A foolproof method for sculpting an elephant: first, get a huge block of marble, then you chip away everything that doesn't look like an elephant.

===================
DATA RECOVERY
2004-06-07 05:30:00 PM EST 
I had one of my hard drives crash on me. Since I had some information that I couldn't reproduce by any other means, I sent my drive into a data recovery place called DTI Data. I chose them because they only charged if they were able to recover any information. I sent my drive in on May 17th. Last week, they said that they were still waiting on parts. Parts? What parts? They said that they needed the exact same hard drive so that they could provide a head swap. That sounded understandable, I suppose. However, they weren't able to find the same hard drive. Hmmm.... A quick search on Price Watch brought up a few drives for sale. I recommended to DTI that they search on Price Watch. Today, they call back saying that they were still looking for a drive. I said to ship my drive back to me. If it takes them a few weeks to (not) find a drive, I couldn't imagine when I'd ever see any recovered data. Of course, what really annoyed me is that I had to pay for the shipping to ship my drive back to me. As soon as I get my drive back, I'm going to send it to OnTrack. They're they biggest in hard drive recovery. I should have sent it to them first. Ah well.

Tagline for today: "Life is like a crap sandwich...the more bread you have the less crap you gotta take." - Tom Servo