BACK TO SCHOOL
2004-08-30 10:04:23 PM EST 
Today was my first day at Saint Leo University. My first class is an orientation class. The class is progressing fairly smoothly; I've already completed my second (out of eight) week of assignments. Of course, I doubt that all of my classes will be as easy. My next class will be an English class. In my fourth week of my orientation class, I'll take my English and Math placement tests. Then I'll know which English class I can take.

Apparently, it was also the first day of school for the kids in my neighborhood. I had forgotten that the normal school year starts around this time, so I was shocked to see our street lined with cars. Fortunately, the cars are only there between two thirty and three thirty.

Speaking of school, we'll be starting advanced training at PETsMART for Kelly and Kara. We've been trying to reinforce the commands that they learned during basic training, though it's tough at times so I'm not sure how well they'll do in advanced training. Once we have a fistful of treats in our hands, I'm sure the dogs will come through in fine fashion.

I've been having more fun wardriving around the neighborhood. So far, I've found about thirty different access points. Of course, only one of them is for public use. The rest of them are most likely for private use only. Unfortunately for the owners of the wireless access points, if they don't secure their connections anyone can use them.

I was finally able to transfer the video of our Kentucky trip from the camcorder to the computer. I made a couple of CDs to send out to people. Also, I made a couple of web-friendly (smaller size, lower resolution) versions. So, if you'd like to see them, please drop me a line.

Lately, we've been having problems with our satellite dish. We've been continually losing our signal. I had been thinking the problem was with the surrounding trees (though we didn't have the same problem last year). I eventually found the source of the problem: one of the adjustment bolts on the dish had sheared off. Ugh. I decided to just replace the dish instead of fixing it. Besides, I could mount the dish in a new (maybe better) location.

Rachel and I went down to the nearest Best Buy to pick up a new (larger) dish. The dish selection was rather easy as they only carried one dish. Ah well. At least it is a better model than the one I currently have. Also, whenever I get around to upgrading my TV to support HD-TV, at least the satellite dish will already support it.

Rather than installing the dish myself (again), I decided to have Best Buy do it for me. This, unfortunately, turned out to be more trouble than I had suspected. Apparently they didn't ring me up correctly. I had to call Best Buy and the installer a few times. Finally, after making a trip to the store, I think everything's all straightened out. Now, I'm just waiting on the installer. Hopefully they come out soon. I'm running out of things to watch on my Tivo.

Tagline for today: "My school colors were clear. 'I'm not naked, I'm in the band.'" - Steven Wright

===================
A GOOD WEEKEND
2004-08-22 04:05:44 PM EST 
On Thursday, we picked the pictures of Kara and Kelly. It was hard to decide which pose to take out of all four, so we ended up taking all for poses. In fact we ordered more prints of each pose. I think my favorite pose is the one with the autumn background, though the paint can pose is very appropriate for them.

I've been trying to start work on my Bachelor's Degree. Unfortunately, I ran into some problems while applying to Saint Leo. They had denied me admission because my GPA was too low on one of my transcripts: I started working full-time at SoftCell (now United Support Systems) in the middle of a semester at the Santa Rosa Junior College. I choose to work, so I had to drop most of my classes. Since it was so late into the semester, I had to take a failing grade for those classes. This obviously affected my GPA.

Since I'm eager to continue my education, I wrote them an appeal letter. They accepted my appeal and gave me admission on a conditional basis. Their response came late Friday afternoon (coincidently the last day that I could apply for the next semester). With a lot of help from my enrollment advisor, I just made the deadline with less than an hour to spare. I start my first class, an orientation class, on August 30th. If my first few classes go okay I will attempt to appeal my conditional status.

Well, I finally broke down and decided to go wireless. I picked up a wireless router and a wireless card for the laptop. I had a bit of problems installing the wireless card because it kept conflicting with the wireless card I used on my vacation (even though it's no longer connected). Also, I had a bit of difficulty getting the laptop to see everything else on my network. But, everything is working smoothly now.

When Rachel and I went to pick up our dinner last night, I took the laptop along with me to do some wardriving (essentially driving around looking for other wireless connections). I was kind of surprised to see that there were at least a half a dozen connections in our immediate neighborhood. Since Rachel wouldn't stop the truck every time I found a connection I could stay connected for very long. I'm not too surprised to see that most (if not all) of the connections that I found were unsecured. If I go wardriving again (and I get Rachel to stop the truck), I'll send notes to the owners letting them know that they're "open for business".

After finally receiving a necessary cable for my camcorder, I was able to download the video from my recent Kentucky trip to the computer. I'm planning to copy the video to a CD so that I can send it out to my newfound relatives.

Tagline for today: "One time the power went out in my house and I had to use the flash on my camera to see my way around. I made a sandwich and took fifty pictures of my face. The neighbors thought there was lightning in my house." - Steven Wright

===================
PUPPY GRADUATION
2004-08-10 01:59:11 PM EST 
Yesterday was Kara and Kelly's last class of basic puppy training. Their final command is BOW. When they bow, they lay down on their front two paws while keeping their rear in the air. So now, in addition to BOW, they know SIT, STAY (for up to 30 seconds), DOWN, COME and LEAVE IT. They still need continual practice of course. I got an additional dog splitter and a stronger leash so I can take all three dogs for a walk at the same time.

Both Kelly and Kara got certificates of achievement and a picture of them wearing graduation caps. Rachel and I are now considering taking them to the advanced class. However, we feel that both them and us need a break. Also, we want to take Emily through the same training as well.

Yesterday was an especially "ruff" day for them: We had to hold onto them and hold their graduation caps on for four pictures. Once we were done with the class, we noticed that PETsMART had a professional photographer there. So, Kara and Kelly had to set for another ten pictures. But, they did well for the most part. I'll post pictures as soon as we get them back.

Tagline for today: "I was in the grocery store. I saw a sign that said pet supplies. So I did. Then I went outside and saw a sign that said compact cars." - Steven Wright

===================
BACK FROM VACATION
2004-08-04 02:26:59 PM EST 
This past weekend, Rachel, Pam (my mother-in-law), Lynn (Pam's sister), Nana (Pam's mom) and I took a road trip to Kentucky. We were going to see some of Rachel's relatives and to do some sightseeing. Since I'd never been to Kentucky, I was fairly happy to go. The trip there was fairly uneventful. Apparently, we passed through Virginia and West Virginia, but I was so engrossed with my book and music that I missed the "Welcome To" signs. I read and finished one book on the way down and another book on the way home. I've been trying to finish at least one book a week (at least until school starts).

We stopped at a Cracker Barrel in West Virginia. Normally, I like eating there, but the service wasn't good this time. Apparently they had lost our name, so they never called us to a table. We ended up spending about two hours there. I did pick up some nice souvenirs though: I got a t-shirt with a picture of a monkey with the words "It wasn't me" and a hat with the words "Bad hair day". I also picked up a cube puzzle. Basically, you have to remove blocks from the case and then put them back. It took me about five minutes the first time, but now I can do it in under a minute.

Near Paintsville, KY, we stopped at a roadside souvenir place, and then we went to the Ramada Inn in Paintsville. We changed quickly and went to dinner at Shoney's. We met up with Lynn and Sam (whose relationship to Rachel escapes met at the moment). I don't normally like meeting new people, but both of them were extremely nice to talk with. I look forward to exchanging e-mails and pictures with them in the future.

Unfortunately, meeting Sam and Lynn was the high point of our dining experience at Shoney's. When we first arrived, I was asked how many were in our party and where we wanted to sit. I said that there were seven of us for the smoking section. The hostess just pointed to a nearby table. The waitress was very slow and forgetful. We'd only see her at twenty-minute intervals. When the food finally arrived, it was cold. When Rachel had her food re-heated, the onion rings she had ordered had been re-fried (burnt) making them inedible. I sent out a complaint e-mail to Shoney's but I've yet to see a response.

After dinner, we went back to the hotel to relax. I hadn't planned on taking my laptop because Ramada's website said that they only had modem lines. However before we left, I called up the hotel to see what kind of connection they had. They said that they had a "high speed" connection. So, I figured bring the laptop along anyway to play games and download picture from our camera. Back in my mind, I keep wondering if the hotel's version of "high speed" meant a dial-up connection.

On the way back to our room, I saw an "Ethernet hard-wired in every room" sign (it's amazing what us geeks notice). I was pretty happy. This meant that it should have been a fairly simple setup. However, when I got to the room, the presence of an Ethernet jack eluded me. Apparently "every room" didn't necessarily include my room. The staff at the front desk was very helpful; they loaned me two wireless bridges. Neither of them worked. Ugh. I was finally able to get connected using a wireless card.

Later that night, Rachel and I went swimming in the indoor/outdoor pool. There's a glass partition (that you can swim under) that separates the two sides. It was very nice and relaxing. My only regret was that there were too many people in the hot tub for us to go in it.

The next morning we had a relatively nice, albeit cold, breakfast at the restaurant in the hotel. We stopped off at WalMart so the group could pick up umbrellas before heading off to see Loretta Lynn's home place. It wasn't something that I was dying to see, but the tour was fairly nice.

We then made a brief stop at the hotel (to change) before heading out to Salyersville, KY. We stopped at Ramey's park where they were having a town celebration. I was fairly enjoyable. All of the food looked good, but I limited myself to a single snow cone.

After the park, we stopped at the State Road Fork United Baptist Church to take some pictures. Then we went to a cemetery where some of Rachel's relatives were buried. We had to cross a stream (by foot) to walk up the hill to the cemetery. I tried to get video of Rachel and Lynn falling in, but they weren't being cooperative. We then headed off to Bob Evans for dinner and then back to the hotel to watch the video that I had been taping.

The next morning, we had a nicer (warmer) breakfast at the restaurant in the hotel before we headed out. We stopped at Jenny Wiley State Resort. I look a couple of pictures of their water fountains. We stopped at the Hillbilly Flea Market in Ashland, KY before eating at the nearby Golden Coral. We also made a quick stop at the WalMart in Circleville, OH and Remick's Family Market in Ashville, OH. It was kind of interesting to see a jar of "Santa Rosa Plum Jam". I'm assuming that it was from Santa Rosa, CA, but the cashier didn't know for sure.

As usual, Rachel and I made a list of different state license plates that we found: Alabama, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Massachusetts, New Jersey, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia

On Monday, I had a lot of catching up to do. I had about six hundred e-mails to go through. Fortunately most of them were spam, so I didn't need to reply to them. I'm nearly caught up now. Also, I had been keeping track of my food intake in my notebook (like I normally do). I finally got all of that information into the computer as well. Also on Monday, we picked up the dogs from the kennel. As usual, they were very happy to see us. They weren't home more than an hour before they tore up Emily's bed. Since we were going to PETsMART anyway for Kara and Kelly's training, we picked up a new bed. We gave Kara and Kelly's bed to Emily and we gave the new one to Kara and Kelly. So far they have been enjoying it.

Tagline for today: "Babies don't need a vacation, but I still see them at the beach. It pisses me off! I'll go over to a little baby and say, 'What are you doing here? You haven't worked a day in your life!'" - Steven Wright