BAD DAY
2004-05-17 08:19:36 PM EST 
Well, my day had been going good. Unfortunately, that's no longer the case. The hard drive on my home computer died on me. Most of what I lost isn't a big deal. However, I did lose all my digital pictures. I have some of my wedding pictures backed up to CD, so I didn't lose everything. If I had an extra thousand dollars to spend, I could send it to a drive recovery place. Ah well. Now, if only I could afford a backup device.... At least the drive is under warranty. So, I should get a new drive in a few days.

I had thought that losing my hard drive would have been bad enough. But, it got a bit worse. I had noticed that one of my dogs, Kelly, had been scratching her ear a lot. I took a look to see what was wrong, but I didn't see anything out of the ordinary. As a precaution, I checked the other dogs. I found a tick in Emily's ear. Fortunately, the tick didn't get in very far. It looks like the entire tick came out. However, we'll keep the tick and take it to the veterinarian.

It's only Monday. I sure hope the rest of the week isn't this bad.

Tagline for today: I haven't lost my mind; it's backed up on tape somewhere!
===================

DOG UPDATES
2004-05-04 05:19:53 PM EST 
It's been over a month since our two new additions. We had been treating Kelly for tapeworm, but she is now clean. Also, both Kara and Kelly have gained some weight since their last vet appointment. Kara is now 16.6 lbs (she was 12.6) and Kelly is now 18.0 lbs (she was 16.4 lbs).

We're still working on their potty training. Now accidents are a few days apart instead of a few hours. I think they are finally adjusting to their feeding schedule. We feed them twice a day at 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM. If we're a minute late, they start barking.

Now that things are settling down, we decided to start some training. They know OUTSIDE well. They're pretty good with OFF, FOOD and CRATE. I'm currently teaching them how to sit. Kelly's catching on fairly quickly, but Kara's not too far behind.

A while ago, we took them for their first walk (just around the block). We got a leash splitter so I could take both Kara and Kelly on a single leash. It took them (and me) about half a block to get used to it. But, by the time we got home, they were doing just fine.

Tagline for today: "My dental hygienist is cute. Every time I visit, I eat a whole package of Oreo cookies while waiting in the lobby. Sometimes she has to cancel the rest of the afternoon's appointments." - Steven Wright