WEDNESDAY, JULY 21, 2004
DIPLOMA
Posted: 2004-07-21 07:47:57 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Well after working for four years I'm finally finished with my two-year degree. My diploma and final transcript came in the mail yesterday. I'm glad that it's over. I am, however, a bit annoyed with myself for taking so long. I think part of my problem was a lack of motivation to complete the non-fun classes. While taking classes via correspondence had its benefits, it also had its problems; I could take as long (or as short) as I wanted for each class. With Saint Leo, I'll be on a set schedule. I imagine that will help tremendously.

Tagline for today: "In school, every period ends with a bell. Every sentence ends with a period. Every crime ends with a sentence." - Steven Wright

TUESDAY, JULY 13, 2004
SCHOOL AND WEIGHT TRAINING
Posted: 2004-07-13 10:27:48 AM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
After a couple of years of working on my Associate's Degree, I'm finally finished! The school received my final project last Friday and I got my grades yesterday. I earned a 100 percent on my final project and my GPA was 3.43. I'm now only waiting on my final transcript and my diploma, but at least there's nothing else I need to do or worry about.

In anticipation of finishing my Associate's, I've been looking into schools to get my Bachelor's Degree. I finally decided on Saint Leo University. They weren't the cheapest school (they were close though) but the degree they offered was more in line with what I wanted to accomplish. I finished all of the paperwork yesterday and will be mailing it out today. This morning, I started to work on my financial aid. The forms (even though they were online) took about a half hour to complete. They were about as complex as some tax forms. Now, there's nothing that I can do except to wait. If everything works out like I hope, I'll be starting school in August. Otherwise, I may have to wait until October.

Today began my first day of strength training. I wanted to concentrate on my form, so I used the least amount of weight that I could (five pound dumbbells [heck one of the barbells is at least ten pounds without any weights]). Some of the exercises were fairly easy to complete. Some of them were quite a struggle. I'm not in pain now, but I suspect I'll feel it more tomorrow. I am, however, concerned about the amount of time it took me to complete the exercises. It took over an hour to do fifteen repetitions of about a dozen different exercises. As my form improved, I suspect that I'll be able to go through my routine a lot quicker. Then, I'll work on adding weight and increasing repetitions.

Tagline for today: "For a while I didn't have a car. I had a helicopter, but no place to park it, so I just tied it to a lamp post and left it running." - Steven Wright

MONDAY, JULY 12, 2004
READING, CLEANING, REARRANGING AND EXERCISING
Posted: 2004-07-12 09:32:51 AM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
In case you haven't noticed, I've been doing a lot of reading recently. To that end, I've created a web page that tracks what I'm reading, what I've read, and what I'm about to read. If you're curious about any of the books, click on the book link to find out more. On a related note, if you purchase any of the books that are on my list, I get a small commission.

Rachel and I have a bad habit of knocking our drinks on our carpet. Unfortunately, most of the time it's something that stains. We've spilled a cup of juice on four different times on the same spot. Since we don't care for a white and pink carpet, we purchased a carpet cleaner. We knew it wouldn't take out all of the stains, but the carpet needed some deep cleaning anyway. After trying the machine on a small section of carpet, I was amazed (but not necessarily surprised) at the amount of dirt that came out of our "clean" carpet. We took the cleaner to my parents-in-law's house on Saturday to clean their living room. Their carpet was a lot cleaner than ours, however I still pulled out a bunch of dirt.

We've been using one of the downstairs bedrooms as our dogs' room and as a storage room. We were going to clean the carpet. But, after taking everything out of the room, we decided to just remove the carpet. Fortunately, the carpet wasn't tacked down so it fairly easy to remove. We were surprised to find an area rug, acting as a carpet pad, hiding under the carpet. We decided to take that out as well. Underneath the carpet and rug is some black tile. It doesn't look great, but the room should be a lot easier to clean.

With my workout plan website going down, I've been forced to create my own workout. I decided to do three days of aerobics (Monday, Wednesday and Friday) and two days (Tuesday and Thursday) of strength (weight) training. Rachel and I went to Dick's Sporting Goods to pick up some equipment. It was one of the few times that I ended up getting more than I intended and spending less than I intended. For my aerobics I got a jump romp and an exercise mat. For my strength training, I got a weight bench and a set of weights. I was only going to pick up a set of dumbbells, but it was actually cheaper to get a dumbbell and barbell set. In all, I spent less than two hundred dollars.

Since the dogs' room is now mostly empty (except for them of course), I'm using half of their room for exercises. I normally enjoy putting things together, but the weight bench had extremely poor instructions. The instruction manual consisted of four steps to assemble forty pieces. It only took me two hours to get everything put together.

Today began my first day with my new workout plan. Today was my aerobics day. I tried jumping rope, but I wasn't very successful. I think the last time I jumped rope was probably fifteen years ago. It took me several tries before I got going. However, according to my heart monitor, it was a very good workout. I just need to keep trying. I'm sure that my coordination will improve with practice.

Tagline for today: "You tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is 'never try'." - Homer Simpson

FRIDAY, JULY 09, 2004
THE DRYER
Posted: 2004-07-09 02:37:41 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Our dryer conked out on us; it still heats, but it no longer spins. Consequently, one of our comforters got slightly burnt/melted. Fortunately, the house didn't burn down. So, until we got a new dryer, we've had to dry clothes outside. This is fairly problematic with Lorain's weather. I was telling Rachel just to hang out the dirty clothes. The rain will wash them in the mornings and the sun will dry them in the afternoon. I nearly avoided a slap from her.

So, we broke down got a new washer and dryer set. The guys just delivered it a couple of hours ago. I had thought that they were going to take the old units with them, but I was mistaken. I ended up having to wheel them to the curb. I don't think they'll last long though; one guy already came by and said he'd be back for them.

Now that I'm done with my Associate's Degree (provided I pass my final project) I've been looking into schools for my Bachelor's Degree. I now wish I had taken more credits at the Santa Rosa Junior College. Thirteen dollars a credit is hard to beat. Now, I'm looking at three hundred or more dollars a credit. With some luck, I should be able to get a grant. If not, I'll have to get a student loan. I know that this will put me deeper in debt, but I think that it's a good trade-off. Besides, most student loans are interest free, so hopefully it won't be too bad.

Tagline for today: "My wife uses fabric softener. I never knew what that stuff was for. Then I noticed women coming up to me (sniff) 'Married' (walk off). That's how they mark their territory. You can take off the ring, but it's hard to get that April fresh scent out of your clothes." - Andy Rooney

TUESDAY, JULY 06, 2004
CENTRAL AIR
Posted: 2004-07-06 03:07:58 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
We recently got central air installed. Previously we had two window units; one was in our bedroom and the other was in my office. The upstairs one worked great. Unfortunately, since it was close to my desk it was rather loud; I had to turn it off anytime I needed to talk on the phone. Also, it completely blocked the light that would have come through my window. Last night we removed the window units. It was so nice to work this morning with the natural ambient sunlight, instead of using a ceiling light. It will also be nice to see sunsets again. Of course, this will only last while the weather's good.

Rachel wasn't feeling good this morning, so I had to pick her up from work. Actually, I had to have my mother-in-law pick me up and take me there (so she didn't have to leave the truck there). The side benefit is that I was able to drop my final project at the post office a day earlier than I had planned to. Also, I was able to pick up some Chinese food for lunch. It was a nice change of pace (instead of eating a sandwich). Unfortunately, my BBQ spare ribs ended up on the bed and the floor. D'oh!

Tagline for today: "I wrote a song, but I can't read music so I don't know what it is. Every once in a while I'll be listening to the radio and I say, 'I think I might have written that.'" - Steven Wright

MONDAY, JULY 05, 2004
HAPPY BELATED INDEPENDENCE DAY
Posted: 2004-07-05 09:00:50 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
dogs ready for a road tripI hope that everyone had a safe Fourth of July. I spent the afternoon and most of the night at my parents-in-law's house. Since we were going to be away from the house for more than a couple of hours, we decided to take the entire family. We took a picture of Kara, Kelly and Emily in their crate ready to go. It's hard to tell in the picture, but each of them is wearing an American flag bandana. Also, each one of them is wearing an item that lights up. Emily has a dog bone, Kara has a picture of fireworks and Kelly has an American flag.

As usual, I think I ate a bit too much food. But, also as usual I enjoyed eating it. After the sun had set, we lit off a bunch of fireworks. We had some water sprinkles for a minute or a two, but the rest of the time the weather was nice. I tried talking pictures of the fireworks. I know that fireworks are hard to take pictures of (especially using a digital camera with a slow shutter speed). However, I got a few nice and very interesting pictures.

Well, since it's been just over half a year since I stated my New Year's Resolutions for 2004, I thought that I should revisit them. My first Resolution is to get my Associate's Degree. I don't have it yet, but I'm fairly close. I spent most of yesterday morning and the past week finishing off my final project. I only need to mail it out and wait for it to be graded. I will probably take the rest of the summer off and start in on my Bachelor's Degree in the fall (assuming I pass of course).

My second Resolution is to lose weight. Specifically, I wanted to drop down to 225 (the weight I was at in high school). At a starting weight of 295 and a current weight of 250, I'm definitely making good progress. However, with my workout plan website going down, I'm currently trying to get a new workout plan. I've been reading a couple of fitness books to set me on my way again.

My third and final Resolution is to get a better handle on my debt. The equity line that we got on the house has certainly helped a lot. We were able to pay off most of our major debts (excluding the house). I'm a bit annoyed though that I had to get a couple of credit cards again (just in case we have another emergency). Of course, I'd rather be prepared for an emergency than to not be prepared.

I spent most of today rerunning cables to my work computer. To prevent data loss I purchased a couple of battery back-up units for my office. The units I got will automatically shut down my computer if the battery runs down too much. So, if I'm away from my computer during a power failure, everything should be okay. Doing some testing, I found that the units could support the equipment plugged into it (computer, monitor, speakers, cable modem, router and laptop) for at least a half hour. That's more than enough time to finish whatever I'm working on at the time and close down gracefully.

As a final note, Kelly is still doing okay. The only noticeable difference in her after her operation is a shaved leg. She's eating solid food again (along with various plants she finds in the backyard). She also did well at her first day of training. She was able to SIT on command (for the most part). We're now working on SIT/STAY. Our homework is to get the dogs to SIT/STAY for 20 seconds. At the current rate, they should be at the point by their next training class.

Tagline for today: "Have you ever noticed that they put advertisements in with your bills now? Like bills aren't distasteful enough, they have to stuff junk mail in there with them. I get back at them. I put garbage in with my check when I mail it in. Coffee grinds, banana peels... I write, 'Could you throw this away for me? Thank You.'" - Andy Rooney