WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 2004
STITCHES REMOVAL AND BIRDS
Posted: 2004-09-29 10:27:42 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
I know that beagles will eat most everything; lately I have caught one or more of the dogs eating acorns, cicadas, dragonflies and other miscellaneous bugs. Yesterday, however, Kara caught herself a bird. I am not sure what kind it was, but it was about the size of a sparrow (actually, it probably was a sparrow). She ate the bird whole before we could get at her to pull it out of her mouth. Ah well. At least she's doing okay.

Aside from eating things that they shouldn't, Kara and Kelly have been doing well in their training class. Now, they are learning how to SIT and STAY while we walk away. Also, they are learning how to STAND and STAY. Lastly, tonight we played musical doggies. We would keep passing all the dogs around our circle. The idea is that the dogs will get used to other people handling them.

Last night, our neighbor's dog "Zeus" was barking at something. When we went outside to investigate, we didn't see anything. Upon closer inspection with my new flashlight (that emits one million candle power), I found an opossum in the tree. Unfortunately for the opossum, he picked the tree right next to Zeus' doghouse. Zeus was still barking at it when I went to sleep, but I imagine that it eventually got away.

On Monday, Rachel got her stitches out. Her thumb is still sore, but it is getting better every day. She wanted me to post a picture of the wound. But I decided that it was a bit too graphic.

Speaking of Rachel and her medical problems, we are still trying to get her BMV records straightened out. She did get her license reinstated. Unfortunately, the medical card that they sent us had her maiden name on it. After a few calls to the BMV, I had thought that we had gotten everything correct. However, when she got the latest medical card, the last name, while being the correct one, was misspelled.

Tagline for today: I'm a white male, age 18 to 49. Everyone listens to me, no matter how dumb my suggestions are." - Homer Simpson

MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 2004
STITCHES
Posted: 2004-09-20 02:31:30 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
I was supposed to have a nice and quiet weekend. I was relaxing in bed on Saturday morning when I got a call from Rachel at work. She said that she had cut her hand and that she was coming home so I could take her to the doctor's office. Apparently, she had been using a screwdriver and it had slipped and hit her thumb. I jumped out of bed, took my shower, got dressed and ate a quick breakfast.

Rachel called back later and said that she would just go to an urgent care facility that was close to her workplace. I got another call from Rachel saying that she was on her way home. The doctor had put some sort of liquid skin over her cut. Unfortunately, shortly after Rachel got back home, the cut opened back up again. I drove her back to the doctor's office. She received five stitches on her thumb. She is doing better today. She will (hopefully) get the stitches removed in a week.

After things settled down a bit, I spent the rest of Saturday and Sunday reorganizing my office. I purchased a table that matches my two corner desks. The table just barely fits between the two corner desks. I also got two matching file cabinets to fit under the table. Now I have a neat and tidy workspace that covers half of my office. I only wish the rest of my office was as organized. For now, I will wait until I have more money in my office budget.

On Sunday evening, Rachel and I went clothes shopping. This is one of my least favorite activities. However, most of my pants and my belt had too many holes in them. I picked up three new pairs of pants and a new belt. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that my waist size had dropped two inches since the last time I bought clothes!

Tagline for today: "I love to go shopping. I love to freak out salespeople. They ask me if they can help me, and I'd say, 'have you got anything I'd like?' Then they ask me what size I need, and I say, 'Extra medium.'" - Steven Wright

WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 2004
LOCKED OUT OF THE HOUSE
Posted: 2004-09-15 12:24:47 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Yesterday, after work, I was sitting outside with the dogs. When Rachel came home from work, I asked if she wanted to take the dogs for a walk. She said that she did not mind. She went inside to grab the leashes and came back outside. As soon as she shut the door, she asked if I had my house keys on me. Unfortunately, neither of us had our keys. We look the dogs for their walk and then went back to try to get into the house.

When we got back home, we had discovered that nearly all of our windows were locked (as they should be) with the safety latch (it prevents the window from being opened more than a few inches). I tried reaching through one of the windows to grab a phone, but I only succeed in knocking the phone out of reach and hurting my arm. In fact, my arm is still hurting today. I ended up just going through the bathroom window.

To (hopefully) prevent this from happening again, Rachel got a duplicate key today. The key looks like it was cut from leopard's skin. At least she will have no problems figuring out which key is the house key.

Tagline for today: "I was born by Caesarian Section, but not so you'd notice. It's just that when I leave a house, I go out through the window." - Steven Wright

MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 2004
LICENSE REINSTATED
Posted: 2004-09-13 01:12:00 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Rachel got her driver's license reinstated on Thursday (though we didn't find out until I called the BMV on Friday). This means that I no longer have to spend two hours of my day (one hour in the morning and one in the evening) driving her to and from work. I do not mind driving her around, however it was disrupting my morning exercise routine.

Last week, we took Kara and Kelly to the first day of their advanced training class at PETsMART. They did okay, but they could have done much better. Rachel and I will need to increase their training time at home. The purpose of this class is to pass the Canine Good Citizen test.

My education is progressing nicely as well. I received a list of the credits that transferred from my prior college work and a list of classes that I still need to take. Now that I have that, I have enrolled for my next class (a basic English class starting October 25th). I figured that I would get all of my general education classes out of the way first.

My ten-year high school class reunion was this weekend. You would have thought that they could have picked a weekend besides the anniversary of World Trade Center attack of September 11, 2001. Anyway, I did not attend. My biggest reason was a lack of funds to travel back to California. My second reason was a lack of interest: There just was not anyone I was dying to see. Ah well. Maybe I'll go to my twentieth reunion.

Tagline for today: "How come if you mix flour and water together you get glue? And when you add eggs and sugar you get cake? Where does the glue go?" - Rita Rudner

WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 08, 2004
COURSE CATALOG
Posted: 2004-09-08 01:05:41 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
I was going through some online documents at Saint Leo. One of the documents that I found was the course catalog. Unfortunately, the document was over a hundred and seventy pages long making it a bit unwieldy to read online. I was thinking about printing it on my printer, but it would have probably taken days. I decided to have Kinko's print it for me. Since the closest Kinko's is not very close and since FedEx bought out Kinko's, I just uploaded the document for them to print it out and deliver it. The process was quicker than I had expected; I uploaded the document on Monday and received it today. They even put a cover on the document and bound it. I am very impressed.

Speaking of school, I have finished all of the homework that I can. Now, I just have to wait for the instructor to post the weekly discussion questions. I was a bit annoyed that we did not get this week's discussion question posted until today. However, considering that the school is located in Florida (in the midst of a hurricane), I am happy that she is doing okay.

I spent most of the morning as a chauffer for Rachel. We were able to get her doctor to fill out the proper BMV forms. In addition, we were able to get all of the forms to the BMV. If we are lucky, Rachel will be allowed to drive by the end of the week.

Tagline for today: "One time a cop pulled me over for running a stop sign. He said 'Didn't you see the stop sign?' I said 'Yeah, but I don't believe everything I read.'" - Steven Wright

SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 05, 2004
SUSPENDED LICENSE
Posted: 2004-09-05 07:39:50 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
This has been a rather long weekend. Rachel got a notice from the Ohio BMV (Bureau of Motor Vehicles) on Friday saying that her driver's license is suspended. After some investigation, I found the problem: Apparently, she was supposed to submit medical papers to the BMV every six months stating that it is okay for her to drive (because of her diabetes). Anyway, either we did not get the forms from the BMV or we misplaced them. Therefore, I have been her chauffer for the last couple of days and I will probably continue to do so for at least another week.

My first week of school is finally over. I completed the first five weeks of homework. I wanted to finish the entire class this week, but driving Rachel around disrupted my time schedule. I was able to take my Math and English placement tests though. I was expecting to do poorly on English (as it's not one of my strong subjects). I got a three (out of six). The score was higher than I had expected, but not high enough to get me out of the entry-level class. I did better on my Math test; I got 79%. This was high enough to allow me to skip the entry-level class.

Tagline for today: "I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose. Now when I get pulled over the cop looks at it [moving it nearer and farther, trying to see it clearly], and says 'Here, you can go.'" - Steven Wright