
A YEAR IN OHIO
2004-04-19 11:53:08 AM EST 
Well, it's been just over a year since my wife and I moved from California. So far, most everything has been going great. There have been the occasional problems, but that's to be expected. It's been a bit weird working out of the house. The downside is that I don't have a lot of face-to-face contact with other people. Of course, there are several upsides:

I've got a rather short commute (walking upstairs). It doesn't matter what I wear to work. On warm days like today, I can go to work barefoot and wearing shorts. I can customize my office space however I like (so long as my wife doesn't object). If I want, I can work in near-total darkness with only black lights on.

After trying to get CenturyTel to reduce my DSL price, I decided to switch to cable from Adelphia. The cable is normal faster than my DSL connection. However, the DSL connection speed rarely fluctuated. I was annoyed with Adelphia when I got my cable modem. When I signed up, I was told that I was getting a cable modem that had routing capabilities. This means that I didn't have to purchase an additional router for my network. Instead I got a very basic cable modem. I ended up buying a small (but nice) Linksys router. Now that everything is plugged in and working, I think I can finally clean up my office. I was in the midst of rearranging when I started to reinstall Windows. Then, I had to deal with the cable connection. Now, I should be able to put everything back in its place.

It's been nearly a month since we got Kara and Kelly. They are still doing pretty good. Kelly is being treated for tapeworm, but other than that she's okay. Also, both of them are slowly starting to put some weight on. Last night, we took them to my parents-in-law's house to stay for a bit. Everything went good (at least they didn't make a mess in the house).

Tagline for today: "If you give a man a fish he will eat for a day. But if you teach a man to fish he will buy an ugly hat. And if you talk about fish to a starving man then you're a consultant." -- Dogbert

===================


REINSTALLING
2004-04-08 10:08:09 AM EST 
Grr... I've got a Windows 98 SE machine that I've used for several years. I have only had one problem with it that is until now. Lately, it has been locking up and the most inconvenient spots. It's getting to the point where I can't run more than two programs at the same time. I usually leave Outlook and Trillian open all the time. However, I now have to close either or both of these programs if I want to run something else. At first I suspected a virus or malware. But, after running scans for both, I came up empty. I'm now suspecting that a recent patch to one of the programs I use is causing the problems. However, it's quicker for me to just reinstall Windows and start again. I guess six years on a Windows machine without reinstalling is a good record.

Tagline for today: "You couldn't fool your mother on the foolingest day of your life if you had an electrified fooling machine." - Homer Simpson
===================
FENCING AND WIRING
2004-04-08 09:58:57 AM EST 
Well, it's another rainy day in Lorain. Of course, that's not too unusual. Fortunately, we got most of the cement work done around our new gate. We still have to do a bit of patching though. Since it rained shortly after we finished pouring the concrete, there's a small indentation that needs to be fixed.

Speaking of fences, my wife and I have decided to get a privacy fence for part of our property. Our neighbors have a habit of throwing gum and other debris onto our property. We're getting tired of having to pick stuff up and prying stuff from our dogs' mouths. Although, with as much rain as we're getting right now, I'm not sure if the fencing company really wants to come out today to give an estimate. (Of course, as I'm writing this, the weather is clearing up again.)

Since our neighbor's house caught on fire (the one mentioned above), I've been concerned with the wiring in our house. I had tested several outlets and found that most of them we're grounded properly or that they weren't grounded at all. When my father-in-law and I were running some new wiring, we found that the GFCI (Ground Fault Current Interrupter) outlets in the kitchen were "grounded" to a water pipe. However, the water pipe converted to PVC before it actually reached the ground.

The crew from PM Lighting & Electric came out and did a wonderful job. They had originally planned to work for two or three days. However with the outdated wiring and such, the ended up spending over a week to get everything repaired. They did a bunch of work: Installed a new meter and panel (with all of the circuit breakers properly labeled); a new outlet for the dryer (it was hanging out of the wall); GFCI outlets in both bathrooms (previously, we had to use the outlets that were built into the light fixtures); separate circuits for the washer, refrigerator, stove and microwave; ran new wire to most of the outlets in the house; redid all of the wiring in the garage; added three security lights; and added a GFCI outlet outside (now we have something to plug our Christmas lights into). Now, I'm not as worried about the wiring in the house.

Tagline for today: "I was going to tape some records onto a cassette, but I got the wires backwards. I erased the all of the records. When I returned them to my friend, he said, 'hey, these records are all blank.'" - Steven Wright