
NEW MONITOR CABLE
2004-02-20 11:16:12 AM EST 
I can see! I can see! For a few months, the color on my monitor kept changing. Some days the white would be blue, red or yellow. Sometimes, it would keep changing. It was getting very annoying not to mention being hard on my eyes. I bought a replacement cable from Best Buy. Unfortunately, the cable they sold wasn't much better. The color was okay, but I kept getting ghost images. That was just as annoying as the changing color. Eventually, I broke down and ordered a high-end cable from Black Box. And boy, what an improvement! White actually looks like white again. :-)

Tagline for today: "A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort." -- Herm Albright

===================
VALENTINE'S DAY
2004-02-16 03:25:44 PM EST 
I hope that everyone had a good Valentine's Day. Due to some work conflicts, my wife and I weren't able to go anywhere exciting, but we still had a good time. I bought her a bear holding a vase that contained a red rose. Also, I her a small mailbox that has her name on the outside and a small teddy bear and candy on the inside. Lastly, I got her a six-gallon tin of buttered, cheese and sugar-free caramel popcorn. Since I got such a good deal on the popcorn, I bought a tin for myself. My wife bought me some Jiffy Pop (which we had to test immediately). She also bought me some Pop Rocks, a heart-shaped box of Turtles and a few DVDs.

Since we both had Saturday off, we decided to go to the mall; my wife wanted to get some of those blushing bears at the Hallmark store. The lady said that she only had a few when we called. So, as soon as we got to the store, I asked one of the cashiers if they had any left. She had half a dozen pairs behind her and she started to test them to make sure that they actually lit up. After testing all of the bears she only found one pair that still worked. Whew! We got the last pair! However, after we finished stopping there and left with our purchase, we walked by a display that had at least twenty or thirty pairs of bears. A few left, indeed!

While we were walking in the mall we noticed that Excalibur Gifts was having a sale so we went inside. I found a silver cougar that bears a striking resemblance to my Silver Jaguar logo. At thirty dollars, the piece was a bargain. That is until it rung up at eight dollars. Apparently, everything was 75% off of the marked price. Whoo hoo! I told my wife to grab a second one that was in a different pose. After wandering around the mall for a while, I decided that I wanted two more. So, we went back to the store and got another pair of cougars to match the first pair. Also, my wife picked up a tiger candleholder.

After we got home, we opened up our remaining gifts (clearance items that we bought just after Christmas). My two favorite gifts are a normal-sized Slinky (my prior one got tangled beyond all repair and I've been having to use a miniature Slinky) and a color changing water fountain. The fountain lets me control how much water falls as well as the different noises it plays (such as wind chimes and thunder). In all, we had a good weekend.

Tagline for today: "Sometimes people care too much, Piglet. I think it's called love." - Winnie the Pooh

===================
HOUSE FIRE
2004-02-11 02:08:51 PM EST 
I was working upstairs yesterday (like I do everyday) when I heard a siren. It sounded fairly distant so I didn't think anything of it at first. A few minutes later, it sounded a bit louder, but still seemed far away. Then, the sirens sounded like they were fairly close. When I went downstairs to investigate, the living room was covered with flashing lights. For a second, I thought I walked into a disco or something. I went outside and saw a half dozen fire trucks and emergency vehicles.

Apparently there was a fire next door. It must not have been a big fire, because I didn't seen any flames or smoke. I think everyone got out okay; at least there were no ambulances. I went to the backyard to see if I could see anything else and I saw a fireman breaking out the upstairs window. Later, when I was able to talk to a firefighter, he said that it was just a small fire and they didn't know the cause (or weren't allowed to tell me). I'm betting that it was a space heater, an electrical problem or a candle. But, I'm curious to find out what the real cause was. If the fire were larger, our house would have been in danger as there was a strong wind blowing in our direction.

Lately, I had been considering getting an electrical upgrade to the house, but I had put it on the back burner (pun intended) until I had some more money. However, in light of recent events, I've decided to get the upgrades done sooner rather than later. Also, since I was thinking about it, I checked our smoke alarms and fire extinguishers.

Tagline for today: "In elementary school, in case of fire you have to line up quietly in a single file line from smallest to tallest. What is the logic? Do tall people burn slower?" - Warren Hutcherson