GRADUATION, LUNAR ECLIPSE AND LONG LOST RELATIVES
Posted: 2004-10-28 08:46:41 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Yesterday was Kara and Kelly's last day of advanced training classes. They both got diplomas. Like last time, they got their pictures taken as well. The upper-left corner shows Rachel and myself holding Kelly. The lower-right corner shows the two of us holding Kara. The other two pictures show the other classmates. The dog on the left is called "Harrison"; the dog on the right is called "Jack". Now, the only thing left is for Kara and Kelly to take the Canine Good Citizen test. The next available testing date isn't until next year. So in the meantime, we'll keep practicing for it. Since we didn't want to leave Emily out of the "fun", we'll be starting her basic training in a few weeks.

Last night, in addition to being a full moon, there was a total lunar eclipse. Even though there was some heavy cloud cover, Rachel and I were able to take a few videos. At one point, the moon turned from white, to a dark orange color. I thought that was appropriate as Halloween is just around the corner. Hopefully our pictures turned out well, as the next eclipse of this nature won't be until 2007.

Recently, I had begun searching for my natural father. It has been probably ten or fifteen years since I heard from him. Anyway, I finally heard from him (and my step-mom) last week. It was great to catch up with them. So many things have happened since the last time we all had talked. Now, that we've connected once again, hopefully we will maintain that connection indefinitely.

Tagline for today: "If your parents never had children, chances are you won't either." - Dick Cavett

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 2004
VACATION AND SCHOOL
Posted: 2004-10-27 12:51:12 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
The company that I work for doesn't allow me to carry over vacation years from one year to the next. Consequently, I am taking Wednesdays off for the rest of the year just to burn up my vacation days. Today was my first day off. I was looking forward to sleeping in this morning. However, the dogs decided to get up at 4:00 AM. After we brought them back inside, I tried going to sleep, but it didn't last long. I got a couple of calls from work. I figured that I might as well just stay up.

Later, I got a call from my reenrollment advisor from Saint Leo. She wanted to know if I was ready to register for the next term. The current term started on Monday, so I thought that it was a bit early to register. However, since the terms are only eight weeks long, I figured that I might as well get registered. My next class will be an algebra class. I'm fairly good with algebra, but since it's been ten years since my last class, I thought that a refresher class would be a good idea.

As I said earlier, I have started my next class, Basic Composition Skills, at SLU. There was a little SNAFU with my registration, so I wasn't able to log into my class until 5:30 PM. I'm glad that I'm taking Wednesdays off; I'll probably need the extra homework time.

Today is Kelly and Kara's last day of advanced training. We are going to have a slightly larger ceremony than when they finished their basic training. Near the end of their basic training, everyone else either quit the class or moved to a different time slot. So, only Kara and Kelly were in the last several classes. For tonight's ceremony, there will be two other dogs. It should be fun.

Last night, Rachel and I finished raking and picking up all of the leaves in the backyard. The yard looked nice...for a while. When I looked out this morning, it looked like we hadn't even raked. In fact, it seemed like it was raining leaves. Ah well, it will give us something to do for the weekend.

Tagline for today: "I hope I didn't brain my damage!" - Homer Simpson

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22, 2004
ID TAGS AND INFLATABLES
Posted: 2004-10-22 03:24:48 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
When we got our dog Emily, we had problems seeing her in our backyard at night. She has a dark coat and at the time we didn't have much lighting in the back yard. So, we picked up a flashing ID tag at the local PETsMART. The tag is pretty cool. It only lights up when it's dark and when there is motion. This is exactly what we wanted.

When we got Kara and Kelly, we wanted to get them the same thing. However, when it gets dark, we have very hard time telling the two of them apart (even though Kelly wears a red collar and Kara wears a pink one). Unfortunately, the ID tag only came in the one color. Ah well. We picked up two of them and went home to try them out.

Emily's tag has lasted well over a year. The tags on Kara and Kelly only lasted a couple of weeks. They started chewing on them. When they finally broke one of them open, I took them away. For the Fourth of July this year, we thought we would get them some patriotic ID tags. These tags weren't as good as the first ones. While they were motion-activated, they would flash during the day unless we turned them off. Of course, we were only expecting them to last for a few days anyway. I think that they lasted over a week before one of them finally broke off.

The other day at PETsMART, we saw some new flashing tags. They weren't ID tags, but we just wanted something to make the dogs more visible (all of our dogs have metal ID tags). These tags flashed in different colors (blue and white for Kelly and green and red for Kara). Since these tags were mostly metal, I figured that they would last for quite some time. I was wrong. Kelly had hers on for less than an hour before I noticed it had come apart. To be fair, I think it was because the battery compartment wasn't screwed on tightly enough. I searched the yard for over an hour but I couldn't find the missing pieces. They'll probably turn up in the large pile of leaves that we've been accumulating for the past couple of days.

Lastly, I want to complain for a bit. Rachel is a huge Tigger fan. So, when we wanted to decorate the front yard for the holiday season, I bought some large inflatable Tiggers for the yard. I bought them from http://www.buyinflatables.com/. I placed my order on August 4, but I didn't get my entire order until the other day. I had sent an e-mail checking on the status of my order, but all I got was a rude reply. I hope they don't treat all of their (ex) customers this way.

Tagline for today: "I went camping and borrowed a circus tent by mistake. I didn't notice until I got it set up. People complained because they couldn't see the lake." - Steven Wright

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 2004
LONG OVERDUE UPDATE
Posted: 2004-10-14 09:34:22 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
I guess I'm overdue for a new blog entry. So, here goes: As you may (or may) not have noticed, autumn is upon us. Keeping with the season, I've changed the background of my web site. Leaves on a web side background are one thing, but out in our backyard the leaves are getting out of hand. Rachel and I raked up the yard one day. The next day it looked as though we hadn't picked up any leaves. At least, we have been putting the leaves to good use. We have been putting the leaves into pumpkin trash bags. We have two large pumpkins and eight smaller ones. I'm sure that we will have more before Halloween comes around.

Speaking of Halloween, we've started putting up our decorations. In addition to the aforementioned pumpkins, there's a seven foot inflatable Dracula-Tigger in our yard. Also, we covered the front door with bright orange paper and we put the words "Happy Halloween" in black letters. It glows nicely under the black lights we have put out. We're going to put some other assorted images on the door. Lastly, we got our candy ready to hand out. I didn't like picking out one or two pieces for each trick-or-treater. This year, we got smarter; we filled up bags of candy. So, everyone will get the same amount. We filled up eighty bags with about thirty pounds of candy. I made sure to buy candy with wrappers that glow in the dark.

Kara and Kelly are nearing the completion of their training class; they only have two more classes to go. We are still working on STAND and STAY. They are getting better and better each day. If only we had as much luck with the housetraining (which is slowing getting better).

I am also nearing the end of my first class at Saint Leo University. My last day is October 23rd. I don't anticipate any problems successfully completing this class. I start my next class, Basic Composition Skills, on the 25th.

In a few weeks, we're finally going to get some new fencing. We were having problems with our former neighbors. They have since moved out and the house has been vacant for several months. The problem now is that Kara and Kelly are starting to find the spots where the fence doesn't quite reach to the ground.

Since 2001 I've only taken one sick day a year. I guess that today was the day to take my sick day for this year. The sickness for the last couple of years has been an ear infection. This year was no different. What was kind of ironic was that just like the last few times time, I had just been to a movie theater a few days before. Maybe it's something in the popcorn (but I sure hope not).

Recently I got a Roomba for the upstairs. For those that don't know, a Roomba is a robotic vacuum. It isn't made for deep cleaning, but since the upstairs is all linoleum, the Roomba will do just fine. I love the lights on the machine. It's got a bright blue light that turns on every time it finds a large quantity of dirt. Sadly, this light came on several times when I was testing the Roomba. I also like the different "songs" that it plays. My favorite is the backup beep. The only downside in using the Roomba is that I have to pick all of the cords and such off the floor (which is probably a good thing anyway).

Tagline for today: "The day I worry about cleaning my house is the day Sears comes out with a riding vacuum cleaner." - Roseanne