DIGGING A HOLE
2004-03-30 02:50:54 PM EST 
My father-in-law and I spent the weekend on a new gate. We spent Saturday measuring, buying supplies and digging holes. Well, we tried to dig holes anyway. Unfortunately, the concrete and the fill underneath the concrete were too much for our crowbars and shovels. On Sunday, we rented an electric jackhammer. That was my first time using one. It was actually kind of fun. It does take quite a lot out of you though. On Monday, I put the gate up temporarily. We still have some concrete work to do. We want to build a small ramp that goes between the back porch and the driveway.

I put up a temporary fence so the dogs can't go behind the garage. This way, we can stand on the back porch and see them at all times. I was getting tired of going behind the garage to check on them. Also, they were trying to squeeze through a small hole in the corner of the fence. Lately, we had been tethering the dogs when they went outside. But now they can run free. They were pretty ecstatic this afternoon. All three of the dogs were chasing each other. Now, we only have to watch them to make sure they don't dig under the fence.

Tagline for today: "I eat swiss cheese. But I only nibble on it. I make the holes bigger." - Steven Wright

===================
RELAXING ON THE BED
2004-03-26 12:03:52 PM EST 
Well, it has been nearly a week and the new dogs are starting to settle in nicely. They're still not quite housebroken, but they haven't made a mess in the house within the last few days. Of course, they're probably making a mess while I'm writing this. All of the dogs are starting to play together and, as you can see in the picture, they don't mind lying on the bed together.

Tagline for today: "I broke my arm trying to fold a bed. It wasn't the kind that folds." - Steven Wright

===================
PUPPY PICS
2004-03-23 02:34:51 PM EST 
As promised, here are a few pictures of our new babies. Kara and Kelly are tri-colored (brown, black and white) Beagles. Kara has a darker back and the white patch on her head goes to the right. Kelly has a lighter back and the white patch on her head goes to the left. Since they are so hard to tell apart, we decided to color-code them. Kara is the one sporting the pink harness. Kelly is wearing red. In this picture, you can see my wife giving them a hug.

Since Kara and Kelly aren't housebroken yet and because they're not used to the house yet, we decided to them a playpen. We put it up in the spare bedroom. They were a bit nervous at first, so I went inside with them. Now, they don't mind being in there. Well, that is until we leave the room. We were only out of the room for about ten minutes when they climbed out of the pen. Fortunately, I had some spare wire fencing material to create a roof for them.

Emily looking very jealousIn this picture, Kelly and Kara have taken over Emily's bed. Emily doesn't look too happy though. She'll get over it, I'm sure. Last night they were all running around together having fun. Well, at least they were trying to run around. Kara and Kelly have a habit of seeking out every nook and cranny. For example, they found a small gap in our fence that they were able to squeeze through. Also, they were able to crawl under the gate. So, until we're able to fix the problems, we either watch them a lot more closely or we put them on leads.

Kelly and Kara playing tug-of-warKara and Kelly chewing on a bone before bedtimeDuring playtime, Kara finds a Tigger to chew on. Later, Kelly and Kara play tug-of-war with each other. Since the two are sisters (or at least they grew up together), they tend to usually do the same things. It's actually kind of funny to watch them follow each other throughout the house. Finally, they are relaxing in their pen with a couple of nylon bones.

Before I forget, I want to put a plug in for Caleb's Canine Rescue. This is where we got Kara and Kelly. If you want a dog or if you just want to sponsor a dog, please check them out.

Tagline for today: "I put contact lenses in my dog's eyes. They had little pictures of cats on them. Then I took one out and he ran around in circles." - Steven Wright

===================
COUNTING CALORIES
2004-03-22 09:30:46 AM EST 
I've been exercising for several weeks, but I wasn't getting the results I had hoped for. Sure, my blood pressure has dropped from the Stage 3 Hypertension range down to the High Normal range and I have been feeling more energetic, but my weight wasn't really dropping. The problem was that while I was keeping track of the calories I was burning, I wasn't keeping track of how many calories I was consuming.

I was planning to write a quick program to help me keep track, but I decided to search the internet to see if there was something out there that I liked. I found a great website called FitDay. You can input the foods you eat throughout the day, and it will calculate the number of calories (as well as fat, carbohydrates, etc). They also had a software package called FitDay PC. So, for $20.00 I figured I'd give it a chance.

My first hurdle was portion control. I didn't know how much food was too much. So, I measured my breakfast. Wow, what a shock! I was only supposed to be eating a cup of my Honey Nut Clusters. I had probably been eating three or four cups. Also, instead of the recommend 1/2 cup of milk, I was probably using two cups. It took a few days to get used to eating a smaller breakfast, but it helps. Also, I've scaled back my lunch quite a bit. Now, I'm no longer starving at any of my meal times. In fact, sometimes I'll skip dinner if I'm not hungry. I no longer eat just because it is mealtime.

I've been driving my wife crazy counting calories though. Every time we get a new food item in the house (that I haven't logged before), I'll enter all of the nutrition information on the computer. I'm sure she thinks that I'm a bit obsessive compulsive. However, I feel that it is for the best.

Anyway, most restaurant chains handout nutritional information at their restaurants and/or their website. However, after eating at IHOP, I was disappointed to learn that they don't publish that sort of information. I was going to e-mail them a complaint. But, since they don't publish that on their website either, I had to resort to writing a letter.

Tagline for today: "I got food poisoning today. I don't know when I'll use it." - Steven Wright
===================
NEW ADDITIONS
2004-03-22 08:56:23 AM EST 
After trying for some time, my wife and I have a new addition to the family. Actually, we have two new additions. Their names are Kara and Kelly. When things settle down, I'll post some pictures.

Tagline for today: "When I was a little kid we had a sand box. It was a quicksand box. I was an only child eventually." - Steven Wright

===================
WIND AND RELICS
2004-03-05 03:07:25 PM EST 
Today has been extremely windy. This morning the wind blew a picture off of our staircase and ended up shattering a drinking glass. We had hoped that was extent of the damage, but as you can see in the picture, it wasn't. Around noon, we heard a dull thump outside. We had thought that it was just a trashcan being blown around or something. When I went outside to investigate I saw a large limb laying across our entire backyard. The limb was probably three or four inches thick at its thickest point. Fortunately there was no damage. Amazingly, the branch landed a few inches from the fence on one side of the yard and the garage on the other side of the yard.

In other news, I recently got two new desks for my home office. The card tables that I was using were okay, but they weren't very stable. Besides, I needed something a bit more permanent. While I was cleaning and rearranging I ran across my old computer. This was the computer that I used to run my BBS from. It had a 250-megabyte hard drive and a 5-gigabyte hard drive. I was still amazed that it even turned on, let alone booted without many problems. Heck, the smaller hard drive had to be at least ten years old.

Anyway, since the computer was outdated I decided to erase all the information and donate it somewhere. But, before I did, I recovered a few old photos from my web cam. The first photo is a picture of some dogs in my old bedroom. The big one in front is Sir Chip A Lot (Chip). He was a purebred English Spring Spaniel. Sadly, we had to put him to sleep in November 2002. The white one on the right is Rainbow. He's a poodle mix. The one on left is Rusty. He's a terrier mix. Both Rainbow and Rusty are still living with my parents.

That's meThe next two pictures are of me sitting in my old bedroom. The date on the pictures is August 4th, 1999. I must have been at the computer. I couldn't say what I was doing. Looking at the background, however, I could say that my room was a bit messy. This of course was a regular state for my room. They say that a cluttered desk is the sign of a clean mind. I'm not sure if that's entirely accurate, but that's my excuse.

The last three pictures are of me in the old office. I'm not sure when they were taken, but I'm guessing some time in 1999. By my facial hair, I'm guessing that the pictures were probably taken about a month apart from each other. In case you were wondering, the software running on the computer behind me is an old version of the billing system that worked on at US2. The newer version is much, much better looking.

Tagline for today: "I have two very rare photographs. One is a picture of Houdini locking his keys in his car. The other is a rare photograph of Norman Rockwell beating up a child." - Steven Wright