SUNDAY, JANUARY 23, 2005
TRUCK RETURNED AND NO SOLICITATION
Posted: 2005-01-23 04:19:51 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
We finally got our truck back on Friday. The first thing that I noticed was that the truck was a lot cleaner; there was no salt or other road grime plastered to the body. The total repair cost was just over one thousand dollars. As I have never been in an accident that was my fault, our insurance has a high deductible ($500). Of course, I suppose it is better than having no insurance at all. We returned our rental car on Friday. Our insurance covered the cost of the rental, but I decided to add the optional insurance. I know that our insurance would have covered any accident that we would have had in the rental car, but I did not want to be in a position where I had to fork over another $500. So, I ended up playing about $120 in optional insurance.

Rachel drove the rental back to Enterprise and I followed her in the truck. It was a bit weird to drive the truck again especially since it had been several months since I had driven it. I was a bit worried when Rachel went to work on Saturday. We were having near blizzard conditions at the time she left for work. When I heard the phone ring fifteen minutes later, my heart stopped for a bit. But, she was only calling from the gas station to say that she could not get her key into the gas cap. She came back home and with the help of some warm water, I was able to get the lock unfrozen. Fortunately, she had no further incidents.

I spent a good portion of Saturday working on clearing the driveway. I shoveled it shortly before Rachel left for work. As it was snowing non-stop, I decided to clear the driveway again a few hours later. I cleared the driveway one final time before Rachel came home. As we had between six and twelve inches of snow since the last time I cleared the driveway, I had to use our snow blower. It took me almost an hour to clear the driveway. I would have been done sooner, except that the plow came by twice and knocked more snow onto our driveway during each pass.

I have been thinking about getting a sign for the front door. Something along the lines of: "Welcome to the Gayharts / No Solicitation Please / That means that we do not need our driveway shoveled, we do not want to change our religion and we do not want to buy any cookies, magazines, candy bars or vacuum cleaners." I know that sounds a bit harsh. But, I get tired of hearing the doorbell, walking downstairs, saying that I am really, really not interested, and going back upstairs.

Well, the temporary fix to provide electricity to our garage has failed. So, now we manually have to open the garage door. Fortunately, as the door is well balanced, it opens up easily. Well, it is usually easy to open. Occasionally, it freezes shut. Otherwise, it is only a minor inconvenience.

Tagline for today: "I rented a lottery ticket. I won a million dollars. But I had to give it back." - Steven Wright

FRIDAY, JANUARY 21, 2005
RACHEL'S BIRTHDAY AND EMILY'S GRADUATION
Posted: 2005-01-21 11:40:13 AM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
On Tuesday, Rachel and I decided to do some shopping. I had run out of paper in the midst of a printing job. Also, we decided to spend the gift cards that we received during Christmas. We went to Best Buy to pick up a couple reams of paper. Rachel got a copy of Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 (for her birthday). Then, we went to Waldenbooks (I was almost starting to run out of books to read). We picked up a couple of 2005 calendars at a calendar store. Lastly, we had a nice meal at Bennigan's. I had never been there, as the parking lot always looks full. In retrospect, most of the cars probably belonged to employees of the nearby Staples. Now that I know we can order takeout from there, we might go more often.

Wednesday was a bit hectic. We are in the process of trying to refinance our home. The appraiser came to our house around noon. Shortly after the appraiser left, the loan officer came. I wish that I did not have to refinance. However, unless I get more income, the second best option is to reduce my debt (or at least transfer as much as I can to a lower interest rate). In the evening, Rachel, her parents and I went out to dinner to celebrate Rachel's birthday. Rachel got a few more Tiggers for her birthday.

After dinner, we went to Emily's graduation. I post a copy of her graduation picture as soon as we get it from the instructor. We decided that we are not going to enroll her in another class until Kara and Kelly can take the Canine Good Citizen test (maybe sometime in February). We also want to wait until the weather gets a bit nicer. We had been planning to enroll her in the advanced class. However, one of the requirements for passing is that she can be sociable around other dogs and people. She tends to snip at other dogs that she does not know yet. So, we will probably enroll her in a different class so she can better work on her social skills.

Tagline for today: "My aunt gave me a walkie-talkie for my birthday. She says if I'm good, she'll give me the other one next year." - Steven Wright

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 2005
ACCIDENT AND TREES
Posted: 2005-01-10 05:49:23 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
After sliding off the road less than a month ago, on Saturday Rachel managed to duplicate her performance. Fortunately, she was not hurt this time either. However, the truck did not fare so well. The front bumper is shifted a few inches to the right and the left front turn signal does not work. Our insurance company (Farmers) was very easy to deal with in reporting the claim. In fact, I reported the claim online. Within an hour, a claims adjuster gave me a call to get further detail. A couple minutes later, our local representative also gave us a call to make sure no one was hurt.

Today, we dropped off our truck for repairs and picked up a rental car. It is somewhat weird to be in a car after being in a truck for several years. I hope that the repair shop completes the repairs quickly. They are going to call us tomorrow to let us know how long they are going to take.

Aside from creating ice on the road, the winter weather does make the trees look nicer. I took a picture of our neighbor's yard (and their dog "Zeus"). I tried taking some pictures of the trees on our property, but the snow does not show up from underneath. Of course, too much snow on the trees can cause problems. I took a picture of a tree at my parents-in-law's house. The poor tree is suffering from too much snow.

Tagline for today: "One day, when I came home from work, I accidentally put my car key in the door of my apartment building. I turned it, and the whole building started up. So I drove it around. A policeman stopped me for going too fast. He said, 'Where do you live?' I said, 'Right here!' Then I drove my building onto the middle of a highway, and I ran outside, and told all of the cars to get the hell out of my driveway." - Steven Wright

TUESDAY, JANUARY 04, 2005
HAPPY NEW YEAR
Posted: 2005-01-04 06:24:29 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
I hope that everyone had a fun and safe holiday season. With the exception of large amounts of snow, everything was quiet here. Since Rachel and I knew what we bought each other, I was not too surprised when we opened gifts. I did receive a new wooden puzzle though. I spent at least a half hour on it but have been unable to solve it so far. I took a quick peek at the animated solution and found that it takes 100 moves for the solution. That should keep me busy for a while.

Like most people, I like to create resolutions or goals at the beginning of each year. However, let us look at last year's resolutions: My first resolution was to complete my associate's degree. I am happy to say that completed it in July. My second resolution was drop down to my high school weight. I was doing well for the first half of the year, but I did poorly during the latter half of the year (especially during the holidays). My third and last resolution was to get a better handle on my debt. Well, my finances are a bit more organized, but my income is not what I would like it to be.

This year, I am going to make four resolutions: The first resolution is to read at least one new book a month. As it normally only takes me a few days to go through a book (that I like), this should not be a problem.

My second resolution is to drop down to my high school weight. It is funny; I am usually so obsessive compulsive about following procedures. However, I have been unable to follow an exercise schedule and a diet plan that I know works for me.

My third resolution is to work on my debt and income problems. We have sufficient income to pay our bills. However, I do not want to be paying the same debts for the next couple of decades. I have been trying to find an additional source of income. If anyone out there is aware of a computer-related job that I could do from my home office, I would appreciate it if you would let me know.

My fourth and final resolution is to work on projects aside from my job. Our house could use a bit of work. In addition, I have some programming projects that I would like to work on, but I just have not set aside time for them.

I started my Math class (Algebra and Functions) yesterday. It was a bit weird at first, but a lot of the information is starting to come back to me. It is day two and I am already done with the first week of homework. Of course, I expect the work to get harder as the class progresses.

Speaking of school, I have decided to minor in Human Resource Administration. I only had to add on a handful of classes. As long as my financial aid holds out, I am still expecting to get my bachelor's degree by 2008.

A couple days ago, we started having some electrical problems; one of our circuit breakers tripped a couple of times. I had thought that maybe some water was getting into one of our external lights. However, after disconnecting them, the breaker kept tripping. My next thought was that maybe the breaker was going bad. When I went to change out the breaker, I found water in our main electrical panel. That was not a good sign. As it turns out, the two issues were unrelated. I had an electrician come over to seal the panel. He found that one of the lines going between the house and the garage was shorting out (probably due to the copious amounts of rain and snow). Anyway, he was able to use a different line to get us back to normal for the time being. We will probably have to dig up the old line and have a new one put it. But, I think that can wait for the summer.

Tagline for today: "Winny and I lived in a house that ran on static electricity. If you wanted to run the blender, you had to rub balloons on your head. If you wanted to cook, you had to pull off a sweater real quick." - Steven Wright