BACK FROM VACATION
2005-09-26 07:47:36 PM EDT 
Four train rides, one bus ride, and one car ride later, and Rachel and I are back home. It was a long trip. Maybe next time we go back to the West Coast we will either fly or take a longer vacation.

The train ride from Chicago, IL to Elyria, OH was uneventful. We did have some problems when we were playing Crazy Eights. Rachel dropped one of the cards and we were unable to find it. We ended up having to almost dismantle her chair before we retrieved the missing card.

We attempted to get some sleep before our 3:00 AM stop. I do not know about Rachel, but I did not get a lot of sleep. The train was only a half hour late coming into Elyria. My mother-in-law was waiting to pick us up and take us home. Both Rachel and I crashed when our heads hit the pillows.

After we woke up, I headed upstairs for work. Rachel went and picked up our dogs. They were extremely happy to see us again. I must admit I had missed them too.

So, overall we had a rather enjoyable time. As usual, we ended up coming back with more stuff than when we had left. Rachel won a ten-dollar gaming token encased in plastic. From my blackjack playing, I had a couple of one-dollar gaming tokens that I forgot to redeem and several half dollars for each blackjack that I won. We also ended up with three bags filled with stuffed animals.

In addition to our winnings, we bought two $5,000 gaming chip key chains, an Amtrak blanket, and a Silver Legacy tee shirt. I ended up with four new hats: a tan "California Zephyr" hat, a black "Freedom Rocks" hat that lights up, a maroon "Silver Legacy" hat (that I am currently wearing, and a black "Amtrak" hat. In addition, I added several decks of cards to my card collection: A "Discover America" deck, a "Discover California" deck, an "Amtrak" deck, a "Silver Legacy" deck that had been previously used; a "Rat Pack" deck, an "America" deck, a clear blue deck, a clear pink deck, a "Reno" deck, two different "Colorado" decks, and two $100 decks.

Tagline for today: "I woke up this morning and couldn't find my socks, so I called information. She said they were behind the couch. She was right." - Steven Wright

===================
WAITING IN CHICAGO
2005-09-25 07:25:46 PM CDT 
When we woke up this morning, Rachel and I did not feel like having breakfast (we were still full from last night's dinner). So, we skipped breakfast, took our showers, and got all of our stuff ready to disembark.

We were only an hour and a half late coming into Chicago. We checked our luggage in at the first class lounge and then proceeded to find something to eat. Many of the places were closed so we ended up eating at McDonald's. By a strange coincidence, the couple who we met on the westbound train was sitting at the table next to us. We chatted for a few minutes before wishing each other good luck on the rest of our journeys.

Since we had some spare time, Rachel and I did a bit of sightseeing. It was easy. The Sears Tower is just outside the Amtrak station. We took a couple of pictures outside before going back inside the lounge to wait for our last train.

We ended up sitting there and playing Uno. Unfortunately, I dropped some of the cards while shuffling. We had to stop our game and count to make sure we were not missing any cards. After counting twice, we discovered that we were indeed missing one card. We looked around us, but we could not find the missing card. I had to go to the bathroom, so Rachel said she would continue looking while I was gone.

You would think that you would not see anything exciting in the bathroom. You would be wrong. I saw automatic toilet seat covers. The cover encased the seat. When you pressed a button, the used cover would disappear and a clean cover would take its place.

After my quick bathroom trip and stopping to get a drink, I made my way back to Rachel. She did not have any luck with the card hunting. I finally had to move the couch I was sitting on before we found the missing card. By this time, we did not want to play any more. It was almost time for our next train to leave, but we did not want to take a chance at losing any more cards.

Tagline for today: "When I was a kid, I went to the store and ask the guy, 'Do you have any toy train schedules?'" - Steven Wright

===================
FROM UTAH TO COLORADO
2005-09-24 08:45:42 PM MDT 
Today's journey on the train was uneventful (read relaxing). Rachel and I got up around 6:30 and headed down to breakfast. I do not remember what she ate, but I had a light breakfast. All of this rich food was starting to catch up with me.

We went back to our room and played Uno for a while before falling asleep out of boredom. A few hours of sleep later, we arrived at Grand Junction, Colorado. The stop was very brief, but Rachel and I had enough time to hop off the train and buy some souvenirs (along with just about everyone else who was onboard).

Shortly after the stop at Grand Junction, we made our way back to the dining car for lunch. After a long lunch, we went back to the room for more card playing and movie watching.

Around 6:30 PM, we stopped at the entrance to the Moffat Tunnel. We had to sit there for some time until a westbound train had cleared the tunnel. Then, we had to wait for the tunnel to vent. At 7:00 PM, we were still waiting. Since it was time for our dinner reservations, and since you are not supposed to go between cars while in the tunnel, Rachel and I went to the dining car. We were told that they would serve dinner after we had gone through the tunnel. Ugh. There was nothing to do except to back to our room and wait.

Finally, we started moving through the six-mile tunnel. About twenty minutes later, we were back in the dining card and eating dinner.

Tagline for today: "When I was five years old I was on a merry go round. There was a gunshot nearby. The horses stampeded. There I was running down the street on a purple wooden horse." - Steven Wright

===================
ON THE TRAIN HOME
2005-09-23 08:50:03 PM PDT 
The taxi ride from the hotel to the train station was interesting. The station was only two or three blocks away. But, with all of the traffic and with half the streets being closed, it took us at least twenty minutes to make the trip.

When we arrived at the station, the attendant notified us that the train was running about an hour late. Since we had some extra time, we decided to repack our belongings and to distribute our stuffed animals and other souvenirs.

After we completed rearranging, the couple that we had met on the westbound train entered the station. Rachel and I talked for a bit and showed them all of our souvenirs. Then, Rachel and I played Crazy Eights until my step mom Norma and dad Jimmy showed up. We sat and talked for at least an hour. Just after five o'clock, the train arrived. So, we got up, said our goodbyes, and boarded the train.

Today's travels on the train were relatively uneventful. Rachel and I had dinner around seven, and are about to start watching a movie.

Tagline for today: "When I was in boy scouts, I slipped on the ice and hurt my ankle. A little old lady had to help me across the street." - Steven Wright
===================

LAST DAY IN A HOTEL
2005-09-23 03:30:19 PM PDT 
Today is the last day in a hotel room before Rachel and I get back on a train. We are eager to get back home after being on vacation for so long. But, at the same time, we do not want our vacation to end.

We started our day with room service again. Then, we dressed ourselves and packed our luggage. Finally, we headed downstairs. Our first stop was the car rental station. The night before we had parked our rental car in the appropriate spot. So, we only needed to turn in the keys.

Our next stop was across the lobby at the bellhop's desk. As our train was not scheduled to leave for a few hours, we decided to leave our luggage at the hotel. Since we were still in the lobby, we also checked out of our room.

We went to the Circus Circus Midway again to try our luck at the racing game. Again, Rachel won most of the time. Nevertheless, I still had fun trying to outrace her. At another gaming station, I had better luck than she did. The object of the game was to toss a ping-pong ball so that it landed and stayed within a cup. I won a stuffed frog, while Rachel did not win anything.

We stopped our fun for a lunch break. Then, we walked outside the casinos through "Street Vibrations." Some of the displays were intriguing, but there were too many people to deal with. We ended up going back inside the Silver Legacy for more gambling.

It must have been the food, but I was a bit more focused when I started playing blackjack again. I at least doubled my money within a half hour. Then, I hit three sevens on a slot machine. It was only a thousand quarters, but two hundred and fifty dollars is nothing to sneeze at. It is not the most money I have ever won at a slot machine, but it is the closest I have ever been to hitting the maximum payout.

Since it was getting closer to our departure time, we started to wrap everything up. We went back to Circus Circus to redeem all of our gaming tickets. We ended up with three bags filled with stuffed animals. We picked up bags from the bellhop's desk, and caught a taxi to the train station.

Tagline for today: "If you were going to shoot a mime, would you use a silencer?" - Steven Wright

===================
LET THE GAMBLING BEGIN
2005-09-22 11:19:03 PM PDT 
Rachel and I woke up later than we normally do; we were on vacation and did not really have anything important to do. We started our morning with wonderful breakfast delivered by room service. An hour so later and we finally made our way downstairs.

Our first stop was to the Hertz car rental station. The station was inside the hotel (which was one of the reasons why I picked the Silver Legacy). The attendant told us where we needed to park and how to check back in.

Our next stop was to the Amtrak station. We wanted to see how far it was from the hotel. We wanted to know if we could just walk there with our luggage or if we would need to drive. The station was well within walking distance. However, it would be a pain to walk there with our luggage especially since we would have to make more than one trip.

Now that we had finished everything on our agenda, Rachel and I proceeded to find some more entertaining things to do. We stopped in the Circus Circus midway for a while. We played many games at one of the racing stations. Since we were the only two playing at the time, one of us (usually Rachel) would get a prize at the end of the race. When we finally tired of the game, we traded in all of our small stuffed animals for a large stuffed dog.

Next, we started some more serious gambling. We played slots for a while, then Rachel watched as I played blackjack (she does not like to play). Around lunchtime, we stopped for a bite, and then headed back to the gaming area. I think that overall we came out even.

After we tired ourselves out, I called my step mom Norma to see what she and my dad Jimmy where doing. She invited us over for dinner. Rachel and I drove over to their place and had a wonderful dinner. They gave us the tour of their place. In addition, we played with their dog Harley. Lastly, we showed them the pictures we had taken and then took some group pictures.

Even though dinner was very filling, Rachel and I had a craving for some junk food. Fortunately, the hotel had a wonderful late night menu that was able to satiate our cravings.

Tagline for today: "I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died." - Steven Wright

===================
ON THE ROAD TO RENO
2005-09-21 11:15:52 PM PDT 
After another restful night in our hotel and a filling breakfast from the local cafe, Rachel and I packed up our belongings and prepared to travel again. We stopped back by mom and step dad's house for a quick chat. Then, we filled up at a gas station, picked up some DVDs at the local Best Buy, and made our way to Reno, NV.

Around lunchtime, we stopped in Rocklin, CA at a Jack In The Box. Ever since we moved to Ohio, I have missed their food. For the longest time, I have been bugging Rachel about how I wanted some "Bacon Cheddar Potato Wedges". Finally, I fulfilled my craving (and then some).

A few hours later and we pulled into the parking garage at the Silver Legacy. We did not know it at the time, but apparently today was the start of "Street Vibrations," a five-day motorcycle festival. Our first clue was the two parking garage levels that were packed with several hundred motorcycles. Our next clue was the reservations overflowing with leather-clad individuals. Fortunately, as we already had confirmed reservations, we only needed to check in. Rachel found a spot to sit with our luggage, while I waited a half hour in line.

When I was checking in, there were some issues with my credit card. I was not sure if there were too many charges from the past few days or if I was over my limit. In either case, I gave the hotel clerk a different credit card. A few minutes later with card keys in hand, we made our way to our room.

The Silver Legacy has some fast elevators. It took mere seconds to ride to the twenty-ninth floor. I do not know what it is, but it seems that our rooms are usually the farthest distance from the elevator. We got lucky this time; our room was very close.

We had quite a shock when we entered the room. When I placed the reservations, I ordered a room with a hot tub. I knew that it was going to be slightly bigger than the normal rooms, but I was not expecting it to be as big as it was. When we first entered the room, we passed a closet area on the left and the bathroom door on the right. Next came a queen size bed. On the wall was a giant flat screen television. There was also a small living room area with a couch, table, and chairs. Next to the couch was a large Jacuzzi with a perfect view of television. Of course, with such a big television, you could be anywhere in the room and still see it. Out the windows, just past the couch, was a lovely view of the city and the hotel's pool.

We had another shock when we entered the bathroom. The room had double sinks. The toilet had its own nook complete with a phone and shelf. The shower was its own room; it must have been at least seven feet by seven feet. On one of the walls, there was a bench, so you could take a shower while seated. Heck, it was big enough for me to lie down.

After getting situated, running downstairs to get the internet access turned on, and waiting for Rachel to finish her nap, I called my dad Jimmy and step mom Norma. They came over to the hotel to visit for a while. Since the Silver Legacy does not allow people to go into the elevators without a room key, I had to take the quick ride down to let them in. After talking for a while, the four of us headed to the Victorian Buffet (which is inside the hotel).

I had forgotten how much food the Buffet had. I made several trips through the line, each time getting something different. However, I did not even come close to trying everything on the menu. Maybe I will be able to try again tomorrow.

After a filling dinner and dessert (read stuffed), we started making our way back to the room. Outside of the buffet, you could get your picture taken with a motorcycle and two "biker chicks." At Norma's insistence, Jimmy and I got our pictures taken together.

Rachel and I said our goodbyes and headed back to the room. We sat in the Jacuzzi while we watched television. It was extremely relaxing.

Tagline for today: "When I was little, my grandfather used to make me stand in a closet for 5 minutes without moving. He said it was elevator practice." - Steven Wright

===================
WORKING ON VACATION
2005-09-20 11:11:14 PM PDT 
Rachel and I again had breakfast at the local cafe before I headed to the office. I spent four hours there working and talking with my coworkers. Around lunchtime, I said that I would treat the office to lunch if they would figure out a place to eat. After debating for about fifteen minutes, I made an executive decision and said that we would get food from Chevy's. I was in the mood for Tex-Mex and Chevy's had been a regular eating spot for all of us.

The decision on what to order was a lot quicker then deciding from where to order; everyone already knew what he or she wanted. Ten minutes later and we finally got Roy, one of my coworkers, to place the order. Another ten minutes later and we get a call from Roy saying that he had been in an accident. Fortunately, nobody was seriously injured.

When I finally got back to the hotel, I was worried that Rachel would be mad at me for leaving her alone for so long. But, she passed the time by taking a three-hour nap. That must be nice.

We took a quick trip to Radio Shack to pick up some parts for my nephew Cody's DVD player. Then, we headed to Fosters Freeze to get Rachel something to eat (and to get me some ice cream).

After relaxing in the hotel room for a while, Rachel and I made our way to Toys 'R Us. As a Tigger fan, Rachel had to scour the entire store to see if they had any Tiggers that she did not have. In addition, we picked up some books and toys for Cody and Briana.

Around dinnertime, we went back to Fred and Ellen's house. I played Frisbee with Cody and Briana for a while. Also, Rachel and I took a longer tour of the house and took some pictures. After a taco dinner, Rachel and I handed out presents to Cody and Briana. I fixed Cody's DVD player. Finally, I took several group pictures of everyone.

After a quick stop at Target to see more of Rachel's former coworkers, we went to Roy's house for a while. He gave us a tour as we talked for about a half hour. After having such a long day, Rachel and I were glad to be back at the hotel, especially now that internet access was finally working.

Tagline for today: "I made wine out of raisins so I wouldn't have to wait for it to age." - Steven Wright

===================
ONE LAST REUNION FOR THE NIGHT
2005-09-19 10:06:47 PM PDT 
After a brief rest at the hotel, Rachel and I headed to my mom Ellen and step dad Fred's house for dinner. My mom told my younger half-sister Megan that she should come over for dinner, but she did not say why. Megan was definitely surprised to see both Rachel and I.

We got a brief tour of the house. As expected, some things were the same and some were different. It was weird to see my niece Briana sleeping in what used to be my room.

We had some pizza for dinner and then every gathered around to view the pictures taken during our trip. Unfortunately, my laptop did not have a program that could do slide shows. Fortunately, as a software developer, I was able to write a quick program so we could view the pictures. Rachel and I stayed and talked with my family for a few hours before heading back to our hotel room (which still did not have internet access).

Tagline for today: "Son, a woman is a lot like a... a refrigerator! They're about six feet tall, 300 pounds. They make ice, and... um... Oh, wait a minute. Actually, a woman is more like a beer." - Homer Simpson
===================

BACK TO WORK
2005-09-19 04:00:38 PM PDT 
Just after 1:00 PM, Rachel and I decided to grab some lunch and head towards my office. We made a quick stop at a nearby Taco Bell / Pizza Hut express before journeying to the office. As the office moved since I was last in California and since I was a bit hazy on the office's location, I put a call into Roy. He told us to head north on 101 and take the Mendocino / Hopper exit. However, going north that exit says Mendocino / Old Redwood Hwy. I could not remember if there was another exit. We ended up turning around at the next exit.

Roy gave us the grand tour of the new office. There is more space, but the office is not as nice as the previous one. In addition, the new office is not in as nice of a neighborhood. Rachel and I sat down to each lunch while I talked with my coworkers for about an hour and a half. They had a bit of work that they needed me to do, so I told them that I would work on it when I got back to the motel.

Tagline for today: "I put my air conditioner in backwards. It got cold outside. The weatherman on TV was confused. 'It was supposed to be hot today.'" - Steven Wright
===================

MORE REUNIONS
2005-09-19 01:00:05 PM PDT 
Around 10:00 AM, I called my mom, Ellen, to see how things were going. We talked for a while before I told her that I was busy and that I would have to call her back. She said that she would be at the house for a while. I then called Roy and told him to come over to the motel so we could go over and surprise her and Fred, my step dad.

Roy followed us to the house. Rachel and I waited a few houses down while Roy went to the door. Fred was a bit surprised to see Roy. Then, Roy said that he brought some friend with him. Rachel and I came out of our hiding place and surprised him. While we were there, we got to see my niece Briana. However, Ellen was not there; she had gone to her job at Santa Rosa Christian School.

Roy had to go back to work, so Rachel and I drove to the school. It had been several years since I been to the school. They had added an additional parking lot since my last trip. As we finally made our way to the correct parking lot, Rachel spotted Ellen. I guess that Ellen had just got out of her car. Rachel was hiding her face and telling me to go slower so that Ellen would not spot us. We found a parking spot and got out of the car.

I walked up behind Ellen, and said, "Excuse me." She stopped walking and turned around. She did not recognize us at first. Then, she dropped her purse, ran over to us, and gave us many hugs. Rachel and I then followed Ellen to the snack bar where she worked (and where I once worked many years ago).

She had me fill up the two drink machines. In addition, Rachel and I did some of the prep work. While Rachel and I were filling up the drink machines, my mom called Patti, one of the staff members who had been working there since I went to school. My mom told Patti that she had two people in her kitchen that did not want to leave. Patti, of course, was surprised when she saw who the "intruders" really were. We talked for a bit, and then she had to go back to work. While my mom was serving lunches to the third graders, she told my nephew Cody that he was in "big trouble" and that he needed to step inside for his "punishment." He was very surprised to see Rachel and I. We hugged and talked for a bit before he headed back to lunch.

Our next stop was the Santa Rosa Target store. Rachel and I needed to do a bit of shopping. In addition, she wanted to see if she could spot some former coworkers. As we were walking down one of the aisles Rachel spotted Shelly, one of her cohorts in Food Ave. As we were walking through the store, she also spotted Ron, Vanessa, Donna, and a few other people that I cannot remember.

Tagline for today: "I had my coat hangers spayed." - Steven Wright