DURANGO DESPAIR
2005-10-25 09:02:29 PM EDT 
Recently, we took our Durango for its first oil change. Even though we had some issues with Wal-Mart before, we took another chance and had them do the oil change. Rachel dropped the Durango off and told them to change the wiper blades as well. A few moments later, they paged Rachel to go back to the oil station. They had some issues with the rear wiper.

They gave Rachel a chunk of twisted metal and told her that our rear wiper was broken. They said that the wiper was broken before we brought it in. They were guessing that the prior owner must have broken the wiper. Then, the prior owner must have rigged the wiper so it would work again.

I did not quite believe them especially since they broke our emergency brake release on our Dakota. But, at least this time they said they would pay any repairs if we could prove that they broke the wiper. A quick trip to the local Dodge dealership confirmed that Wal-Mart was responsible for the damage. Well, at any rate they broke the wiper blade. The rest of the wiper was just fine. I guess next time we need an oil change we will go somewhere else.

Since we were already at the Dodge dealership, we picked up some accessories that I had ordered earlier. Among them was a cargo net. I was getting ready to install it when I got to the step were some drilling was required. As I did not have a drill handy, I decided to postpone the installation for another day.

Tagline for today: "I installed a skylight in my apartment. The people who live above me are furious!" - Steven Wright
===================

SCHOOL DAZE
2005-10-24 08:56:04 PM EDT 
Today I started my last class for the year. It is another English class. As English is not my favorite subject, I usually dread the classes. Fortunately, the class is only eight weeks long. So, if the class ends up being complete misery, I will not have to endure it for long. Seriously, as long as I keep up with the assignments, I feel that the class will okay.

Tagline for today: "When I was born, I was so surpriced I couldn't talk for a year and a half." - Gracie Allen
===================

CATCHING UP
2005-10-14 08:30:07 PM EDT 
I am still trying to catch up from my recent vacation. I had several pages of material to write for my blog. I had written a number of entries on the trip to the West Coast, but somewhere along the way, I got behind. When I was starting to post entries, I realized that I should take into account from which time zone I am posting.

So, I had to modify my blogging software to handle multiple time zones. Then, I realized that I needed to take into account Daylight Saving Time. Between these new changes and every thing else going on, it took me about a month until I was able to incorporate the changes.

As if changing my blogging software was not bad enough, I had problems with my photo gallery. On our recent vacation, Rachel and I took well over six hundred pictures. Unfortunately, my photo gallery software cannot handle that many pictures. Until I come up with a better solution, I will not be able to add any more pictures.

A few days after we got home, I got a call from my step mom, Norma. She told me that my father, Jimmy, had a few heart attacks. Apparently, he had a heart attack at work. He also had another heart attack in the ambulance and in the emergency room. He is still recovering, but he is doing much better.

For a while, I thought I would lose him. But, I was happy that if he did pass away, I at least was able to see him. Now, I am concerned that heart attacks may be in my future. The only thing I can do is to continue to exercise on a regular basis and try to eat healthy.

Tagline for today: "When I was crossing the border into Canada, they asked if I had any firearms with me. I said, 'Well, what do you need?'" - Steven Wright