
TIGGER THEFT
2005-11-27 06:42:38 PM EST 
Yesterday, we took down our inflatable turkey and put up our inflatable Christmas Tiggers. They did not last long. Sometime between midnight and 6:00 this morning, someone stole them. We, of course, called the police. But, there probably is not much that they can do.

Tagline for today: "When I first heard that Marge was joining the police academy, I thought it would be fun and zany, like that movie 'Spaceballs'. But instead it was dark and disturbing, like that movie 'Police Academy'." - Homer Simpson

===================
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
2005-11-24 06:09:07 PM EST 
I hope that everyone had a happy and safe Thanksgiving. Rachel and I slept in most of the day. Around noon, we decided to get up and do something. We met Rachel's mom, brother, and grandmother at local restaurant. I had their special Thanksgiving buffet dinner. It included turkey, gravy, cranberry sauce, macaroni salad, ham, garlic sausage, turkey soup, green salad, and pumpkin cake. The food was extremely filling. I probably will end up skipping dinner and tomorrow's breakfast.

After lunch, Rachel and I headed to Lakeview Park. We noticed that they had put up some Christmas decorations. In addition, we noticed that the water was extremely choppy. We decided to go down to the beach and take some pictures.

I think that is the first time in my life that I have walked on frozen sand. Because of the spray from the lake, the driftwood and the trees on the jetty had icicles. We only took a handful of pictures. The wind was making it hard to walk and even breathe. I had to face away from the wind before I was able to get a proper breath. Twenty degrees was cold enough, but the wind chill made it feel as one below zero.

Last night was not as windy, but we got our first major snow of the season. In the evening I had to shovel once. A few hours later, I had to shovel again for when Rachel came home. Of course, a few hours after she got home, the temperature warmed up to forty. It snow changed to rain, and most of the snow melted away. Unfortunately, since it went back below freezing at night, everything was frozen over. It took several minutes to scrape the ice off our vehicle this morning. It took several more minutes to get the wipers unstuck. The windows did not get unstuck until after we got back home. I even had problems getting in. I could not open the door at first; I thought Rachel had locked it. It was just frozen shut.

Even with built-in fur coats, we like to give our dogs some extra protection in the extreme cold. So, all of the dogs have sweaters. Kara's sweater did not fit very well this year. It was too tight. While I am happy that she is at a proper weight now, I did not want her to be the only one without a sweater. Fortunately, when we bought sweaters for Kara and Kelly, we bought two for each. Now, Kara is wearing one of Kelly's. They look cute in their sweaters, but not for too long. While Emily could wear hers all day, Kara and Kelly like to slip out of theirs. The other day I noticed that Kara was no longer wearing hers and Kelly had hers around her waist.

Tagline for today: "I saw a sign at a gas station. It said 'help wanted'. There was another sign below it that said 'self service'. So I hired myself. Then I made myself the boss. I gave myself a raise. I paid myself. Then I quit." - Steven Wright

===================
SLEEP PARALYSIS, ANNIVERSARY, AND BEANS
2005-11-23 05:10:03 PM EST 
A few weeks ago, I received a ham from the HoneyBaked Ham Company. After removing as much meat as I could, I was still left with a rather large ham bone. Instead of tossing the bone, I decided to use it to make some bean stew. I started the stew last night, and I think it is about done. Of course, now I have the problem with an abundance of bean stew. I did use some of the excess ham stock and trimmings for the dogs' breakfast this morning. I think that might have been a mistake. The pushed all of the normal dog food out of the way (and on to the floor) so they could get to the good stuff. Fortunately, they cleaned up their own messes.

Last night, Rachel and I celebrated our fourth anniversary (which is actually tomorrow). In addition, since today is one of Rachel's aunt's birthday, we all had a celebratory dinner at our favorite restaurant last night.

This morning I had an interesting sleeping experience. Rachel had to go to work early. In addition, since the beans were still cooking, I wanted to get up and see how they were doing. Anyway, within a half-hour, I was getting back in bed for a few more hours of sleep. Normally, it takes between a half-hour and two hours before I fall asleep. However, I fell asleep almost as soon as I hit the pillow. What was strange was that I could feel myself fall asleep. For several moments, I could not move as my mind traveled from the realm of the conscious to the unconscious.

The weatherperson keeps saying that we should expect one to three more inches of snow. More snow? We have not had our first inch yet. We are only getting the occasional flurry right now.

Tagline for today: "The other night I came home late, and tried to unlock my house with my car keys. I started the house up. So, I drove it around for a while. I was speeding, and a cop pulled me over. He asked where I lived. I said, 'Right here, officer.'" - Steven Wright

===================
FIRST SNOWS
2005-11-18 01:30:38 PM EST 
Yesterday, we got our first snows of the cold weather season. While the Snow Belt just east of us got six to eight inches, we only received flurries. Rachel kept bugging me to write something about it in my blog. For me, it does not count as snow until it gets to the point where it sticks to the ground (and it needs to be shoveled). It is like comparing moss to salad. Sure, there are loads of similarities, but that does not mean that I am going to give up lettuce.

It is interesting to note, however, that just a few days ago our average temperature was in the fifties and sixties. Now, it is in the thirties. It is just one more reason why I work from home.

Tagline for today: "I once tried to commit suicide by jumping off a building. I changed my mind at the last minute, so I just flipped over and landed on my feet. Two little kittens nearby saw what happened and one turns to the other and says, 'See? That's how it's done.'" - Steven Wright