MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 2006
MIXED UP DRINKERS
Posted: 2006-01-30 09:27:18 AM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Lately Rachel and I have been experimenting with some mixed drinks. Last week we tried some strawberry-rum-vodka concoction. The drink tasted okay, but we had a heck of a time trying to make it. If someone else was watching they would have thought we were already drunk. The instructions were simple: Pour in so many ounces of the mix, and so many cups of ice, turn on the blender, and enjoy. Well, apparently the instructions were too difficult for us. We got the mix all over the counter. And, I am not sure how it happened, but I got an ice cube in our toaster. Fortunately, aside from aches from laughing too hard, neither of us was harmed.

So far, my favorite drink is the screwdriver (orange juice and vodka). I especially enjoy adding some ice and making a screwdriver smoothie.

Tagline for today: "The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind." - Humphrey Bogart

MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 2006
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RACHEL
Posted: 2006-01-23 07:16:55 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Last Friday, we celebrated Rachel's birthday at Yanni's (our favorite restaurant). There were probably a dozen or so people there. We ate dinner and cake. I did not take many pictures, but I did get a picture of the cake (and another picture of Rachel sticking her finger in the cake).

Aside from that, last week has been mostly quiet. I did have a slightly disturbing experience: I heard some loud noises out front. When I investigated, I found a tree trimming crew a few houses away. A few minutes later, the dogs started barking like crazy. I did not see anything out front, but I saw two men standing in the back yard! I went outside to ask them what they were doing. They said that they were from the electric company and might have to trim the branches near the power lines. Of course, I do not mind them doing the trimming. I do mind, however, that they did not ask to come onto the property and that they left the gate open. Fortunately, the dogs were inside at the time.

Tagline for today: "Never lend your car to anyone to whom you've given birth." - Erma Bombeck

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 2006
BEWARE OF PROGRAMMERS CARRYING SCREWDRIVERS
Posted: 2006-01-16 08:45:57 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Last weekend was very quiet especially compared to the prior weekend. Rachel and I slept in late on Saturday. Around 10:00 PM, we finally got out of the house to do some much-needed grocery shopping. As I was browsing the aisles, I decided to buy my first screwdriver. No, I did not buy the mechanical kind. I bought the liquid kind (orange juice and vodka). Rachel and I split the drink that night. It tasted okay. I think next time, however, I will buy the orange juice and vodka separately. It will probably be less expensive. Aside from a slight aftertaste, neither of us suffered any ill effects. Of course, we slept in for quite some time. We decided we might buy some more; it will help us sleep better.

I have heard the phrase "beware of programmers carrying screwdrivers" before. Now it will take on a completely new meaning.

Tagline for today: "I drink to make other people interesting." - George Jean Nathan

MONDAY, JANUARY 09, 2006
A VISIT TO THE EMERGENCY ROOM
Posted: 2006-01-09 02:12:30 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Last Saturday was supposed to be a relaxing day. I had planned to sleep in late and work ahead on my schoolwork. Of course, things do not always go according to plan. Around 1:00 PM, Rachel woke me up; at least I was able to sleep in. She was having problems with the internet. I went upstairs to work on the problem. While I upstairs, she complained that her neck was itching. She checked in the bathroom mirror and noticed a few small bumps. A few minutes later and she had several more bumps all over her body.

With Rachel being diabetic, I did not want to take chances. I called 911 while Rachel called her mom. The 911 operators were less efficient than I thought they should be. They asked me if I needed fire, police, or EMS. I told them I needed EMS. They transferred me. When I connected to EMS, I gave out Rachel's vitals. I said that she was covered with hives (and getting worse) and that she was a diabetic. I said that so far, she was able to breathe and swallow okay. They put me on hold again before telling me that they would send someone out.

Rachel's mom Pam arrived a few minutes later followed shortly by the paramedics. As expected, the paramedics were calm and proficient. They checked Rachel's vitals. Unfortunately, they did not have anything to help Rachel. They recommended that she go to the hospital and gave her the choice of going by ambulance or having someone take her. While Rachel was trying to make up her mind, Pam and I made a command decision and told Rachel that she is going by ambulance.

I rode with Pam to the hospital. Pam dropped me off at the front door. I am glad that we did not drive Rachel; she might have died while waiting in line to register. There was only one woman in front of me but I still had to wait several minutes. I was still waiting when Pam walked through the front door after parking her vehicle. At least Pam attempted to just walk through. The outer set of sliding glass doors came off the tracks. She had just enough room to squeeze through.

I was finally able to give my name and Rachel's name to the person doing the registering. She told me that someone else would call me and get all the details. A few minutes later, I was able to finish registering for Rachel and go see her. She was doing okay, but still bright red and covered with hives. She was already on an IV. One of the nurses came in to inject some medicines. The nurse told us that another nurse would be back to do a breathing treatment.

Since we would be there for a while, I decided to go find Pam and let her know what was going on. I asked a nurse for the best way to go back to the waiting room and how to get back. Since you need an access code to get through some of the doors, she decided to go with me. We made our way to the waiting room. I quickly found Pam and we made our way back to the nurse. The nurse punched in the code to allow us through the first set of doors. However, the door leading to Rachel's room balked us. The nurse had to lead us on the scenic route. Pam briefly talked with Rachel before deciding to get something to eat. If I known that we were going to be there for a few more hours, then I might have asked her to bring me something back; I had not eaten yet.

While we were waiting in between treatments and visits by the nurse, we would listen to the people in the other rooms. In one room, directly in my line of sight, was the woman who was ahead of me at the registration desk. She was complaining that she had been there so long and asked if she should continue waiting or just go home. The doctor on duty calmly explained that they had been waiting on her chest x-rays and there had been at least thirty people ahead of her. Apparently, she was sick and thought she had pneumonia. The doctor said that her x-rays looked fine and would give her a prescription for her cough. She then complained that he did not check her ears. He said that if she did not tell registration or the doctor that her ears were hurting as well, then there was no way for him to know that they we hurting. He examined her ears and sent her on her way.

After relating this story to his coworkers, the doctor told another story: During a blizzard, he was the only doctor on duty. Due to icy conditions, there was many car crashes in addition to the normal amount of patients. Consequently, most of the people came in on a stretcher all covered up. One woman came in complaining of earaches. She said that she was from out of town and had been attending a convention. Since she did not have any friends in town, she had an ambulance bring her. The doctor looked at her ears, prescribed her some medication, and sent her on her way.

Later in the day, the doctor was catching up on his paperwork. He noticed that the paramedics did not write down her blood pressure. In addition, none of the hospital staff had written down her blood pressure. Sensing this to be a problem, he asked at nurse if she remembered the patient and her blood pressure. The nurse calmly replied that she did indeed remember the patient and was unable to get a blood pressure. Becoming increasingly concerned, the doctor asked the nurse why she was unable to get a reading. The nurse asked if the doctor looked at the patient. He said that he had. The patient had been alert and talkative with nothing out of the ordinary (except the earache). The nurse said that the doctor should have taken a closer look. The patient had been attending an amputee convention; she was missing both her arms and her legs. I looked over at Rachel and told her that this was also her doctor. We could not help but laugh.

After sitting in the hospital room for just over three hours, they released Rachel. They told her to stay away from the medication that caused her reaction and gave her some other medication to ease the effect of the reaction. Aside from missing two days of work, Rachel is doing just fine. I made sure to call her normal doctor to let me know what had happened. I hope that we do not have to do this again.

Tagline for today: "My grandfather always said, 'Don't watch your money; watch your health.' So one day while I was watching my health, someone stole my money. It was my grandfather." - Jackie Mason

TUESDAY, JANUARY 03, 2006
NEW YEAR'S 2006
Posted: 2006-01-03 02:00:55 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
I hope that everyone had a better New Year's celebration than I did. Rachel and I spent New Year's Eve at my mother-in-law Pam's house. We spent the time watching movies and removing Christmas tree decorations. Well, that is what everyone else did. I spent most of the time in another room playing on a computer. I was not trying to be anti-social. I just had a sore throat and I did not want to infect anyone. Aside from trying to not cough, it was an enjoyable evening. After going home, Rachel and I stayed up until 5:00 AM watching television.

I still have a sore throat. To make matters worse, I think that I also have a bruised tailbone. (I doubt that they are related.) It is difficult to be productive while coughing and being unable to sit for long periods. I thought about taking some sick days. However, I would hate to use them up so early in the year. Besides, it is uncomfortable to lie down for long periods anyway. I will just muddle along for the time being, sitting on pillows, and drinking fluids.

For the prior two weeks, I have had a break from school. But, with the new year came a new school session. This week I started two courses: The first course is "Finite Mathematics." The other course is "Integrated Physical Science." Since going to Saint Leo University, this is the first time that I will be attempting two classes simultaneously. The math course should be relatively simple (I already finished the first week's assignments). The science course, on the other hand, will be a bit more difficult. However, as I like science and as there is not an insane amount of writing, I will be fine. It is funny; I can write a thousand-word blog entry without a problem. But, when it comes to writing essays for class, I tend to freeze up.

As typical for a new year, I like to create a list of resolutions. First, I will look at last year's resolutions: The first resolution was to read at least one new book a month. As I finished over thirty books last year (not including books for school), I am happy to say that I not only kept my resolution but I crushed it.

My second resolution was to drop to my high school weight. Well, I did not do as good on this resolution as my first one. I do weigh less now than I did last year, but I am not losing weight as fast as I could. The biggest problem is consistently following my exercise routine. Typically, I do flexibility exercises six days a week, aerobics five days a week, strength training three days a week, and endurance training once a week.

The problem is that Sunday is my day off and Monday is my roughest workout. It is difficult to switch gears from being relaxed to maxing out. Consequently, I tend to skip working out on Mondays. This throws off the rest of my routine for the week. Additionally, I get depressed when I fill out my logs for the week. This causes me to skip my daily routine increasingly.

To combat this problem, I rearranged my routine. I still have the same amount of exercising planned. However, I spread the load out differently (and hopefully more efficiently). Sunday is still my day off, but now Monday's workout is a lot lighter. I think that once I can do Monday's routine without a problem, I will be more motivated to complete the rest of the week. In addition, since it has been a few months since I have exercised on a consistent basis, I have decided to ease into my routine. Last week I only logged my daily stats (weight, blood pressure, etc.). This week I am only doing my warm up (in addition to my logging). In the following weeks, I will add flexibility exercise, aerobics, strength training, and so on. By March, I should be on my normal routine again.

My third resolution from last year was to work on debt and income problems. Fortunately, our debt is not increasing. Unfortunately, our income is not increasing either. I have been looking for an additional job that I could do from home without much success. Economic conditions could force me to replace my current job with a higher paying one.

My fourth and final resolution was to work on projects outside of work. While I did not do as much as I wanted to, I did accomplish many non-work-related projects.

As for this year, I only have two resolutions: The first one is follow my exercise routine at least seventy-five percent of the time. That means that I will need about 270 days where I followed my routine. Fortunately, I have mastered the art of keeping exercise logs. I have an Excel spreadsheet that contains my exercise information for the last few years. Every week, it print out a new log sheet that tells me how much exercising I need to accomplish.

My second resolution is working on income problems. If that means that I have to drop school and take on a second job or replace my current job, then so be it.

Tagline for today: "You know how it feels when you're leaning back on a chair, and you lean too far back, and you almost fall over backwards, but then you catch yourself at the last second? I feel like that all the time." - Steven Wright