THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 2006
HAVE YOUR CAKE AND EAT IT TOO
Posted: 2006-03-23 03:18:19 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Boy am I stuffed! I just got back from Don Tequilas (a local Mexican restaurant). The last time Rachel and I went there, I dropped my business card into a box for a free lunch. I was not expecting to win. However, I was extremely surprised when I got a call saying that I won. Of course, going by myself would not be as much fun as going with nine other people. That is correct, I won lunch for ten people. Due to scheduling conflicts, only eight people showed up. It only cost us five minutes of our time to listen to a financial advisor. Most of us even enjoyed the advisor's time and might use his services.

So, it looks like a win all the way around. Actually, I will probably end up having to spend an extra hour on the treadmill. But, aside from wanting a nap now, it was well worth it. Besides, I need to write my next entry.

Tagline for today: "I went to this restaurant last night that was set-up like a big buffet in the shape of a ouija board. You'd think about what kind of food you want and the table would move across the floor to it." - Steven Wright

FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 2006
PICKLES AND SOUR CREAM
Posted: 2006-03-17 05:08:12 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Rachel and I like to tease our dog Emily. In fact, we have vanity plates with her two favorite phrases: "Treats" and "Car Ride." Of course, the teasing is all in good fun. My father-in-law Ken gave her the name of "Pickle Juice Head." He had inadvertently spilled some pickle juice on her.

Last night, Emily got a new nickname: "Sour Cream Tail." I was making a burrito for dinner. I was attempting to get the last bit of sour cream off my fork and onto the burrito. I went straight down with my hand and fork, expecting the sour cream to follow the same trajectory. Unfortunately, the sour cream veered to the left and landed on the middle of Emily's tail. To make matters worse, as Emily was wagging her tail at the time, the wagging action redistributed some of the sour cream to a nearby trashcan, the stove, the walls, and the floor. While Rachel and I were trying not to cry, as we were laughing so hard, Emily stood there oblivious to what had happened. However, once we pointed out the spots to her, Emily happily helped us clean up the mess.

Tagline for today: "I spilled Spot Remover on my dog. Now he's gone." - Steven Wright

MONDAY, MARCH 06, 2006
DINOSAUR PLANT
Posted: 2006-03-06 11:49:13 AM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
I have wanted a plant for my home office for quite awhile now. However, as I do not have much of a "green thumb" I decided to get something simple. I found a "dinosaur plant" online. It only grows to be about four inches, so it should not get out of hand. In addition, it can go without water for years. When it lacks water, it curls up into a ball to preserve its moisture. Moreover, as it essentially sits in a bowl of water, I do not have to worry about over or under watering.

Aside from getting the plant, this past week was not overly exciting. I finished my federal and state tax returns. I still need to file my city tax returns though. Fortunately, the city will actually fill out the forms for me.

This past Friday, we celebrated the seventy-fifth birthday of Rachel's paternal grandmother. As usual for birthday celebrations, we had dinner and dessert at our favorite restaurant.

I need to run some errands this week while Rachel's at work. So, I wanted to make sure that the truck was still running. After a few months of disuse, it did not want to run. Rachel's brother came over to help start it. Unfortunately, the battery did not want to hold a charge. Fortunately, a store was still open that sold car batteries. With the new battery, the truck is running as good as ever. And, after a much needed car wash, it is as clean as ever.

Tagline for today: "On my income tax 1040 it says 'Check this box if you are blind.' I wanted to put a check mark about three inches away." - Tom Lehrer