BIRTHDAY PARTY REMIX
2006-05-20 08:16:43 PM EDT 
This week was a bit more exciting than the previous week. Of course, exciting does not necessarily mean enjoyable. On Tuesday, I had two filling replaced. Even though half my mouth and tongue were numb for a few hours, it did not seem like they used enough novocaine. It felt like they hit a nerve or two.

On Wednesday (when I could feel my tongue again), we went to Cold Stone Creamery for ice cream. As a member of their birthday club, I got some free ice cream. Seeing how it was near my birthday, I choose their "Birthday Cake Remix" creation. It was extremely tasty (and filling).

Yesterday it was back to the dentist to replace the remainder of my fillings. Well, that was the plan anyway. The dentist only did two fillings. He did not realize that I scheduled to have them all done until I was out of the chair and paying the bill. He said he would be happy to finish, but I did not feel like getting another shot of novocaine at the time. So, I will go back again next week. I hope that will be the last trip until my regularly scheduled cleaning.

That evening we had planned a birthday dinner with family and friends. I was still a bit nauseous and sore, but I decided to go anyway. How often does one turn 30 anyway? Rachel said that I could have stayed home while she went and video taped it for me.

The meal was pleasant. I stuck to things that I could chew without much difficulty. Unfortunately, due to some temporary cold sensitivity with the new fillings, I had to pass on the ice cream. (It was not like I needed any anyway.)

After dinner, I was able to open some of my gifts. I received a book about the many ways to use duct tape along with a roll of duct tape. I also received another pack of soda from Rachel. This time, it was the Love Potion pack. It included two bottles of Love Potion #6 soda, lip balm, a CD, and a book of Love Coupon. In addition, Rachel got me a set of shot glasses, and a puzzle-shaped serving tray. (I sense a theme here.) The tray holds four puzzle-piece-coasters that light up when you put something on them.

Today we spent some birthday money at the movie theater. We saw "The Da Vinci Code." I have not read the book yet, but Rachel did. Aside from being a bit on the long side, the movie was rather enjoyable. After the movie, the two of us took a survey for a new movie coming out. We finished our day at Cold Stone. This time I got "Monkey Bites."

Tagline for today: "I replaced the headlights on my car with strobe lights. Now it looks like I'm the only one moving." - Steven Wright

===================
BIRTHDAY BLOWOUT
2006-05-13 10:12:46 PM EDT 
This week was quiet. I recently replaced the faucets in the bathroom. The downstairs bathroom faucet was a pain. I ended up having to remove the sink just to disconnect the water lines. After spending a few hours cleaning off the old plumber's putty, removing the old faucet and drain, putting on new putty, and installing the new faucet and drain, I was exhausted. I wish I were finished. But, the new drainpipe had a small crack that continued to leak. Fortunately, a plumber friend came by with a better drainpipe. The upstairs faucet went a lot quicker. I was done within fifteen minutes.

With the new photo gallery, I can have pictures printed by a printing company. So, I decided to test it out. I chose to print a picture of Emily. About a week later, I received an 8x10 and a few wallet sizes. In addition, I received a deck of playing cards and a puzzle, both with metal tins, which had her picture on it. They turned out nice.

After a change in insurance, I figured I needed to catch up on my dental work. On Thursday, I had a bunch of x-rays taken. The first x-ray was a panoramic x-ray. They had me stand still while the machine rotated around my head. Then, I had six or eight more x-rays done.

Yesterday, I had my teeth cleaned and examined. The process was fairly quick and painless. Unfortunately, they told me that I had to replace a number of my fillings.

Today, I celebrated my thirtieth birthday. Actually, "celebrate" is an exaggeration. Rachel, her mom Pam, and I went out to breakfast (for an early Mother's Day celebration). The waitress put a candle in my omelet. As the omelet was significantly warmer than the cake, the candle melted from the bottom up. Fortunately, most of the wax came out when I removed the candle.

Since Rachel had to work that afternoon/evening, I spend the rest of the day alone. Before going to work, Rachel gave me two presents. The first was a set of two metal puzzles. To solve the puzzles, you had to manipulate the objects in such a way to free one of the objects. The puzzles only took about ten minutes to solve.

The other present was a Thanksgiving dinner in the form of Jones Soda. There were five different flavors: Brussels Sprout with Prosciutto, Cranberry Sauce, Turkey & Gravy, Wild Herb Stuffing, and Pumpkin Pie. The package even included a serving spoon, a moistened towelette, and a wine list. The Wild Herb Stuffing soda tasted nasty, but I rather enjoyed the remaining ones. My favorite was the Cranberry Sauce soda.

I knew that we were going to celebrate on a different date, but I wanted to do something "special" on the actual date. With Rachel at work, I decided to throw a party for myself. I already had a liquid dinner handy. But, I wanted something a bit more substantial. So, I made a batch of kettle corn. I learned an important lesson: Kettle corn is flammable.

As I was pouring the popcorn out of the pot and into a bowl, a single piece missed the bowl and hit one of the burners on the stove. The burner was already off. However, it still had enough residual hit to ignite the popcorn. I was not worried about causing a major fire or anything. I was more worried about setting of the smoke alarm, especially now that it will call the fire department if it goes off. Fortunately, there was not enough smoke and the only problem I had to deal with was the smell of burnt popcorn for a while.

Tagline for today: "I made a chocolate cake with white chocolate. Then I took it to a potluck. I stood in line for some cake. They said, 'Do you want white cake or chocolate cake?' I said, 'yes.'" - Steven Wright

===================
PLEASE SUPPORT US IN TOUR DE CURE!
2006-05-10 03:00:12 PM EDT 
Rachel and I recently accepted the challenge of cycling in the American Diabetes Association's Tour de Cure fund-raising event. We are taking part in this event because we believe in and support the Association's mission: to prevent and cure diabetes and to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes.

You, too, can help by supporting our fund-raising efforts with a generous contribution. Your tax-deductible gift will make a difference to more than 20 million Americans who are affected by diabetes and another 40 million who are at risk for developing diabetes. It is faster and easier than ever to support this great cause - you can make your donation online by simply clicking the link at the bottom of this message. If you would prefer, you can also mail your tax-deductible contribution. To get mailing information, please send me a message.

More information on the American Diabetes Association, its programs, and diabetes in general can be found at the Association's Web site, http://www.diabetes.org/. To find out more information on our Tour de Cure, please visit http://tour.diabetes.org/.

Both of us reached our goal of $100 apiece. But, you can still donate.

To donate online for Rachel: http://main.diabetes.org/site/TR?px=2864552&pg;=personal&fr;_id=3246&s;_tafId=42177

To donate online for James: http://main.diabetes.org/site/TR?px=1919614&pg;=personal&fr;_id=3246&s;_tafId=42177

View our team Beagles page: http://main.diabetes.org/site/TR?team_id=149218&pg;=team&fr;_id=3246&s;_tafId=42177

If these links do not send you directly to our personal fund-raising pages, please cut and paste the entire link, from beginning to end, into your Web browser and hit return.

===================
GALLERIES GALORE
2006-05-04 10:50:41 PM EDT 
I just finished putting up a new photo gallery. I still have a bit of tweaking to do. But, it is done for the most part. The new gallery can handle more pictures and has a better slideshow feature. In addition, people can create user accounts. Registered users will be able to view larger, higher quality pictures, rate the pictures, and add comments. Registered users will also be able to have their pictures printed by a printing company.

This Sunday we took the dogs to get their heartworm test. The vet's office was having a testing drive, so the place was packed. The vet was so rushed that he accidentally poked himself with one of the (clean) needles. He said that it was not the first time it happened. The receptionist was busy too. She charged us $1.24 instead of $124.00. I noticed the error when we got home and was nice enough to inform them of their mistake.

On Sunday, we also visited Cold Stone Creamery for the second time. The last time the place had too many people and we did not want to wait. This time they had fewer people. Rachel got a banana mix while I got a cookie dough concoction. They were extremely yummy.

On Monday, we went to Ohio Western Reserve National Cemetery. When my father-in-law, Kenny, passed away last May, he did not get the military burial that he was entitled to. Exactly a year later, and we were able to properly lay him to rest. Of course, this does not mean that the ceremony did not have its problems. There was some confusion between the funeral director and us. He thought that we wanted Kenny interred into a memorial wall (the Columbarium). After talking with the administration, we were able to put him in the ground.

A few days ago, I started having problems with my laptop's mouse. The left mouse button would work on an intermittent basis. Sometimes the clicks would register. Sometimes, it would only register that the button had been pressed or unpressed. Needless to say, this was very annoying. After receiving a replacement part, it only took the removal of two-dozen screws to remove the old part. But, at least I can left-click again.

Tagline for today: "The problem with the designated driver program, it's not a desirable job. But if you ever get sucked into doing it, have fun with it. At the end of the night, drop them off at the wrong house." - Jeff Foxworthy