FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 2006
MOVING DOWN THE ROAD
Posted: 2006-04-28 04:00:07 PM EDT | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Now that Rachel and I got our bikes back from the shop, we are back to riding. The repair shop did a good job with our bikes. Rachel is able to shift again, and my brakes are much smoother now.

There is a three-mile trail connecting two parks that we have been using. At one end is a big hill. The first couple of times, we started at the top of the hill, went part way down the trail, and turned around. We could only make it partway up the hill before having to walk.

Wednesday, we started at the other end of the trail. The going was much easier this time. We did about five miles (plus some off road biking and hiking). It might be because the trail was flatter or because our muscles are starting to adjust. We probably could have gone a few more miles. Of course, we do not want to overdo it.

Tagline for today: "If God wanted us to fly, he would have given us tickets." - Mel Brooks

SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 2006
BREAKOUT
Posted: 2006-04-23 05:32:01 PM EDT | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Two brown, black, and white dogs were last seen in the vicinity heading eastbound. After several attempts, the escapees were finally apprehended.

Okay, I admit it; it was my fault. I came in from the garage for a few minutes. When I went back outside, I noticed the gate was open and Kelly and Kara were nowhere to be found. I thought I had closed the gate, but I was wrong. I yelled for Rachel and then started running down the street. They ran past four or five houses before finally stopping. Both of them came to Rachel when called (ignoring me). Rachel grabbed Kelly, but was unable to grasp Kara. Kara ran across the street and through some bushes. She sat just beyond the bushes until I came over and told her to come. I know I can use the exercise, but I did want any at the time.

Speaking of exercising, Rachel decided that she wants to ride between ten and fifteen miles for diabetes. While it is a wonderful cause, I have my doubts. Before signing up, I said that we needed to see if our bikes (and us) could handle it. After cleaning them and inflating the tires, we were off. On Tuesday, we rode about three miles through a local part. The ride was okay at first. But, the last half mile was tough (especially since it was all uphill). On Wednesday, we rode four miles, but again and problems with the last half mile.

Of course, we did not only have physical problems: My bike seat was deteriorating so we replaced both of our seats. On our first time riding, my chain came off (although it was on while I tested it). The second time riding, it derailed to the outside. Fortunately, it took less than a minute to fix the problem both times. My front brake needs to be realigned. Rachel's back tire wobbles and I accidentally broke her shifter. So, we dropped both bikes off at a local repair shop. I hope that within a few days (if it stops raining) that we will be able to ride again. This time, we will try to ride only every other day until our muscles adapt.

Tagline for today: "A journey of a thousand miles begins with a delay of about three hours." - Milton Berle

FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 2006
BORN AGAIN
Posted: 2006-04-14 05:10:50 PM EDT | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
A week or so ago, I left my dinosaur plant by the window for some much needed sunlight. Unfortunately, for the plant, I left the window open all night. When I checked on it the next day, it had shriveled up. I left the plant like that for a week before I added some water. Within a few hours, it opened up again and looks as good as new.

I have wanted to expand the photo gallery. However, the software I currently use can handle only a limited number of pictures. To handle a larger amount, I needed a database backend (like MySQL). For an extra $15 a month, my hosting provider would give me that backend. But, I would only get two megabytes for my database file even though I am allotted five gigabytes of web space. I was looking on my provider's site for a better hosting plan. And, I found that for what I was already paying, I could get MySQL with twenty-five megabytes of data space. It turns out that the hosting plan I was on was obsolete. After switching to the new plan, my website was moved to a different server. This means that I had to change database entries and such. It will also mean that I will have to modify some of my web scripts. So, you may notice an occasional problem until I get them rewritten.

Tagline for today: "Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down." - Robert Frost

FRIDAY, APRIL 07, 2006
UPGRADES
Posted: 2006-04-07 05:57:56 PM EDT | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
I have wanted to have a security system at the house for a while. But, with estimates into the thousands, it was way outside our price range. Recently, Rachel picked up a coupon that waved most of the installation costs, bringing the price to a few hundred. So, we jumped on the deal.

Our new alarm system features sensors on the doors and windows. In addition, it also includes a smoke and heat (fire) detector. What I especially like is that it announces door and window openings even when it is not armed. This comes in handy as I can now hear someone entering when I am upstairs. Originally, we were going to get a motion detector and a key fob (a remote arming and disarming device similar to the ones for cars). However, a single motion detector would not cover the entire house. Also, with the pets running loose, we would likely get false alarms. The key fob sounded interesting at first. If we lost the fob (with the house keys attached), a burglar would have an easy time entering the house. So, we decided it was better to put sensors on the doors and windows.

In addition to upgrading our previously non-existent security system, I have been upgrading my programming skills. I currently use Microsoft Visual Basic 6 as my language of choice (though I know a few others). However, as there are less income opportunities with VB6, I have been reading up on Visual Basic .NET. My first problem is that I am using VB.NET 2005. But, most of the books I have run into are for VB.NET 2003. Fortunately, the two VB.NET versions are similar enough were it is not much of a problem.

There are many similarities between VB and VB.NET, which accelerate my learning. Of course, there are just enough differences to drive me crazy. Overall, I feel that I will enjoy developing with VB.NET, and I look forward to more projects in the future.

Tagline for today: "I bought a self learning record to learn Spanish, I turned it on and went to sleep, the record got stuck, the next day I could only stutter in Spanish." - Steven Wright

SUNDAY, APRIL 02, 2006
SPRING FORWARD
Posted: 2006-04-02 02:12:01 PM EDT | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
I hope that everyone remembered to "spring forward" his or her clocks an hour for Daylight Saving. We changed all of our clocks last night. Therefore, after turning off this morning's alarm, I "fell back" to bed. I also hope that nobody was badly pranked on April Fool's Day.

This past week has been a relatively quiet week. I finally finished ripping my CD collection (converting from the CD audio format to MP3). Since I am normally by a computer, having all of my CDs in MP3 format makes it easy for me to listen to any song that I want. In addition, it takes about one twelfth of hard drive storage space. Now, I have just over three thousand songs in my collection. Of course, the ripping process only takes a few minutes per CD. What takes a long time is making sure that all of the information (Artist, Album, Song, etc.) is correct.

Recently, I got my financial aid for school straightened out. While I do not mind the occasional break, I am extremely anxious to start again. As a member of the Computer Science Association and the Business Association, I still keep contact with my schoolmates on a regular basis.

While driving our Durango has been fun, we were having a problem with the hatch. Sometimes when we set the alarm, the hatch would not lock. But, then alarm would sound when the hatch was opened. Locking the hatch with the key got around the problem. However, that defeats the point of being able to remotely lock the vehicle. It would be exceptionally annoying when Rachel and I finished shopping. Often, I would open the hatch (setting off the alarm) before she got a chance to disarm the alarm. After a quick stop at the repair shop, we are good to go again.

Last Tuesday, some family members and I attended a memorial service sponsored by New Live Hospice. It was for people that Hospice had helped during the passing of loved ones. We took time to remember my father-in-law, Kenny; Rachel's grandfather, Ray W.; and several other people.

Tagline for today: "My grandfather gave me a watch. It doesn't have any hands or numbers. He says it's very accurate. I asked him what time it was. You can guess what he told me." - Steven Wright