FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 2006
VALENTINE'S DAY 2006
Posted: 2006-02-17 11:23:54 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
Happy (belated) Valentine's Day! Rachel and I did not do anything extremely exciting. However, we did go out to dinner with some family members. I got Rachel a necklace and some earrings. She got me a nice jacket. It is black with playing cards on the front and back. And, at eight dollars, the price was hard to beat.

Aside from that, the week has been routine. The weather here is about the same as always: unpredictable. Yesterday we had a high of 56 degrees. Tomorrow we are supposed to have a high of 18 degrees. I think that once the "high" temperatures get below freezing, they should no longer be considered "high".

Tagline for today: "A guy knows he's in love when he loses interest in his car for a couple of days." - Tim Allen

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 2006
SNOW DAY
Posted: 2006-02-12 07:58:37 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
We have not had a lot of snow here lately. I was a little depressed because this is the first year that I am well prepared. Each winter season, I add a bit more to my winter weather wear collection. Fortunately, I was able to wear everything last week when I was clearing driveways.

It was weird when the snow started: The snow was hammering our driveway. Yet, the driveway stayed dry. Usually, the snow melts on impact making the entire driveway wet. Once enough snow has fallen (and the driveway is cold enough), the snow stops melting and starts to pile up. This time either the snow evaporated on contact, or the driveway sucked it all in. Of course, after a few inches of snow had fallen, the driveway could no longer keep up.

It took me about ten minutes to bundle up. I put on my wool socks, snow pants, boots, hood, jacket, and gloves. Even though I was outside for several hours, I was very warm. In fact, after shoveling my third driveway, I became too hot and had to take off my jacket.

Tagline for today: "Show me a man with both feet on the ground, and I'll show you a man who can't put his pants on." - Joe E. Lewis

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 05, 2006
HEAVY LIFTING
Posted: 2006-02-05 05:35:29 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top
One of my resolutions for this year was to ease back into my exercise program. This week I added strength training (weight lifting) and started with the lightest weights that I have. I can easily lift more weight, but limiting the weight and repetitions will help prevent me from overdoing it. Obviously, I will increase the weight and repetitions at steady intervals until I hit my max. Then, I will do increases in weights and/or repetitions as I become stronger.

It was a bit weird lifting weights again. Even though I purposely limited myself, a few times I went beyond the number of repetitions. After doing more repetitions for so long, it was hard to break my old habit.

This week, I also tried a new drink: A Bloody Mary. Instead of making my own mix from scratch, I bought a ready-made mix. I only had to add some vodka. The drink was okay, but it needed a bit of a kick. Several dashes of Tabasco did the trick.

Tagline for today: If life deals you lemons, make lemonade. If it deals you tomatoes, make Bloody Mary's. But if it deals you a truckload of hand grenades...now...THAT'S a message!!