SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 2007
TAXES
Posted: 2007-02-25 08:12:57 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
I got most of our taxes filled today. Well, at least I thought I did. Shortly after I had sent in the returns electronically, I got an e-mail that they were rejected. It turns out that I had mistypes Rachel's birthday. I was worried that I had made a bigger mistake. When I was filling out the forms, I was going to deduct the sales taxes that I had paid on our Durango. It was not until I was reviewing the forms that I realized that we bought the Durango in 2005, not 2006. Ah well. At least I did not send out the forms with that mistake.

Tagline for today: "I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn't park anywhere near the place." - Steven Wright

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2007
CODE MONKEY
Posted: 2007-02-22 08:07:49 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
I am still enjoying work. I keep thinking, "I can't believe that they are paying me for having fun." It is good to have a job that you enjoy. At any rate, I think that most of my coworkers like having me working there as they have given me the nickname "Code Monkey." Now, the phrase is a bit derogatory, but it is all in good fun. I still prefer being called "Ace," but I like the Code Monkey song.

Tagline for today: "Apu, you got any Skittle Brau? Never mind, just give me some Duff and a pack of Skittles." - Homer Simpson

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 2007
MP3 MANIA
Posted: 2007-02-19 07:50:16 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
I am an eccentric music lover. At last count, I had about three thousand songs in my collection of MP3s ripped from CDs. I could listen to my collection twenty-four hours a day for over a week before the songs started to repeat. The big problem with my collection is that at just over ten gigabytes, it takes up a lot of real estate on my hard drive. As my currently MP3 player can only hand a handful of songs, I figured it was time for an upgrade.

I got a Creative Zen Vision:M 60 GB MP3 player. As the name of the player indicates, it holds sixty gigabytes. So, I have been busy organizing my collection, getting it ready for transfer. With the MP3 player, I also received a free month of Napster. So far, I have downloaded nearly six thousand songs, more than tripling my collection. Of course, I probably will not keep all of those songs. If I saw a song I liked, I downloaded the whole album.

Tagline for today: "My roommate got a pet elephant. Then it got lost. It's in the apartment somewhere." - Steven Wright

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 2007
VALENTINE'S DAY BLIZZARD 2007
Posted: 2007-02-15 10:56:15 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
I can finally say that I have experienced my first blizzard. On Tuesday, the snow started coming down heavy in the afternoon. By the time it was time to go home, the roads had lots of snow. Rachel had been sending me regular reports of highway closings and snowfall. So, I figured that I might not make it in to work the next day. I packed up my laptop and headed home.

There was not a tremendous amount of traffic; most people probably went home early. In retrospect, I probably should have gone home early. But, I was engrossed with my current project and did not want to stop halfway through. I was half way home before I saw the first snow plow. I tried to follow it, but with all the snow and high winds, it was as if the plow had no effect. I finally arrived safely at home three and a half hours later.

Even though Rachel had attempted to catch up with the shoveling, our driveway still had a bunch of snow on it. With the snowdrifts, the snow was probably two or three feet in places. As Pam, my mother-in-law, was essentially snowed in, we drove to her house to attempt to dig her out.

When we arrived, Rachel told me to park on the yard, so that we did not have to move vehicles while we were clearing the driveway. I got halfway up the yard, and the vehicle stopped cold. It was already in four-wheel drive, so I put it in reverse, and tried to back out. But, it was stuck. We left it there so that we could clear the drive.

We cleared the back porch area first (mostly because she could not open the back door with all the snow). We then borrowed a neighbor's snow blower and started clearing the drive. Rachel and I only got a small portion of the driveway cleared before the snow blower stopped worker. We tried to shovel, but there was too much snow, and it was already eleven at night. Matthew, my brother-in-law, said that his boss would clear the drive the next morning. We then shifted our focus to un-sticking our vehicle. With Matt's help, we were finally able to get it off the lawn and back onto the road.

As it was just past midnight when we were settled in back at home, Rachel and I decided to celebrate Valentine's Day then. We exchanged our gifts and went right to sleep.

The snow continued through the night. With the snowdrifts (and if the snow was hard enough), we could have walked in through our front windows or walked over the back fence. We were unable to open our front door. I quickly sent an e-mail declaring a personal snow day. The snow finally slowed in the afternoon, but there was a lot on the roads. I did not relish Rachel's drive into work that evening.

The city of Cleveland was essentially closed for the day on Wednesday. The local radio station, kept complaining about how the mayor had "cancelled Valentine's Day." Even though the city was closed, I was still able to get a decent amount of work done.

Today, the roads were not fully cleared, but they were a lot better than they had been on Tuesday night and Wednesday morning. Overall, I enjoy the experience. Rachel, on the other hand, made me promise to get a snow blower next year.

Tagline for today: "You know how it is when you're reading a book and falling asleep, you're reading, reading... and all of a sudden you notice your eyes are closed? I'm like that all the time." - Steven Wright

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 09, 2007
SITTING ON THE TIGER
Posted: 2007-02-09 10:34:16 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
Rachel and I went out to lunch today. I had received a gift card to a local restaurant. Unfortunately, they were closed today. But, it was okay. Rachel and I had a good meal at a different restaurant.

I am happy that the correct sized screws for my chair finally arrived. Ten minutes of assembly time, and my new chair was put together. The fabric is a tiger print. It would probably look better in Rachel's "Tigger Room." But, the main point is that it is comfortable and it works.

Tagline for today: "Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant? I'm halfway through my fish burger and I realize, Oh my Goodness... I could be eating a slow learner." - Lynda Montgomery

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 07, 2007
DOMAIN SWITCH
Posted: 2007-02-07 10:29:00 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
I finally got my domain name, silverjaguar.com, switched to a new web-hosting provider. I liked old provider, but as they did not offer discounts for multiple domains, I needed to switch. I like my new provider a lot better. I hope that no one is having problems (hopefully no one even noticed the changeover). Let me know if you have any problems or questions.

Tagline for today: "I went down the street to the 24-hour grocery. When I got there, the guy was locking the front door. I said, 'Hey, the sign says you're open 24-hours.' He said, 'Yeah, but not in a row.'" - Steven Wright

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 04, 2007
SUPER SUNDAY
Posted: 2007-02-04 10:24:23 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
Today was the Super Bowl. As I am writing this entry a few days late, I cannot remember who was actually playing. (My wife, who must have a good memory, said it was the Colts vs. the Bears.) At any rate, we TiVoed the game just to watch the commercials. I do remember that the team who ended up losing returned the opening kick for a touch down. I remember some of the commercials too. But, I only remember them because I had seen them before. Overall, it was a disappointment.

The weather was more exciting than the game. The thermometer got down to 0.1 degrees. To top it off, it was highly windy. I think that with the wind chill, the temperature was in the negative twenties. There was even a weather alert issued about it.

Tagline for today: "I was once arrested for resisting arrest." - Steven Wright

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 02, 2007
CHIPOTLE
Posted: 2007-02-02 11:55:26 PM EST | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
Rachel and I went to Chipotle (or as we like to say, "chip-poodle") for the first time. It is kind of like a fast food restaurant in that you stand in line to order your food. Imagine if Subway was a Mexican restaurant. I would have preferred a sit-down place (you can dine in), but it was nice and interesting to watch the food being made. At any rate, the food was tasty and filling. I think I need a nap.

Tagline for today: "I once put instant coffee in a microwave and went back in time." - Steven Wright