SATURDAY, JUNE 30, 2007
STATISTICS FINALS
Posted: 2007-06-30 08:35:07 PM EDT | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
Being on the road for the last two weeks did not give me a lot of time to study. Consequently, my homework and exam grades for the last two weeks suffered. At least I passed the course and I have a day or so off before I take my next classes.

Tagline for today: "You'll have to speak up, I'm wearing a towel." - Homer Simpson

FRIDAY, JUNE 29, 2007
THE LONG AND WINDING ROAD
Posted: 2007-06-29 10:30:32 PM EDT | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
Day 1

I am continuing my business trip this week in Gratz, PA. This week we left on time. With only about four hours of sleep, I was quite tired. I do not know how many times I drifted off to sleep during the ride. But, at least I did not wake up with permanent marker on my face.

We arrived around lunch time. We went to our regular lunch place. Unbeknownst to us, the place is closed on Mondays. We ended up eating at the clubhouse near our resort/motel.

A short time later, we arrived at the window plant. With the small injuries I had last week, I was determined to not have any injuries this week. Or, at least if I did have any injuries, I would be better prepared. Well, it did not take too long before I injured myself. This time it was not on a nail or some vinyl. This time, I cut my finger while trying to twist open my bottle of Mt. Dew. *sigh*

After a nice dinner and a few pitchers of beer, it is nice to be back in the room. One of the guys there must have had a bit too much to drink. I am sitting there drinking my beer. The next thing I know someone his placing a baseball cap on my head. I probably should have walked out with it. I left it on my head for awhile before leaving it on the table.

Even though we are staying at the same place, this room is a bit nicer than the other one. The bathroom is bigger; I no longer have to squeeze into it. In addition, I now have a digital thermostat that lets me set the room's temperature.

My only complaint was that my Wi-Fi signal was a lot lower in this room than my last room. That complaint lasted about five minutes until I found a Wi-Fi repeater in one of the drawers. Woot! I am assuming it belongs to the motel. At any rate, I now have a solid signal. In addition, I imagine that my coworkers in the adjoining rooms have a better signal as well.

Day 2

I just finished day two of week two. The weather keeps getting warmer and more humid. Pretty soon, I will need to take a hot shower just to cool off. At least I have been eating well. I have not yet had a bad meal.

While the trip is going well, I am missing home. At least next week I will be home. I put in for some time off. So I hope that I will be home all next week. Then, I will probably be back here for a few more weeks at some point.

Until then, I will deal with the poor weather and the mediocre internet connection. Now, it is not even connecting (even though I have a good signal). Maybe I will reboot their router again tomorrow (unless someone is there this time).

I had planned on doing schoolwork, but I guess that will have to wait. In addition, I wanted to continue my job search. Yes, I am looking for another job again. No, I am not leaving my current job. But, with Rachel only working part time, bills stacking up, and trying to move, we just do not have enough money. So, I am looking for a tertiary job now.

Day 3

Another day away from home and the weather continues to get warmer and more humid. Actually, with the thundershowers we are getting now, it cooled off for a bit (though it got more humid). And, still no internet. After dinner, I went to the main office to reboot the router. But, another guest also having connection problems was in the midst of a restart. I was briefly able to log on by removing the internet line from the router and plugging it directly into my laptop. But, I was only able to get some of my work e-mail. I did snag a pastry while working on my connection problem. So, my trip to the hotel office was not totally fruitless. As the lightning strikes are getting closer and more frequent, maybe I will stop for now.

Day 4

The weather was a tad bit cooler. The window plant remains fairly hot though. I would start to sweat the moment I was not standing in the path of a fan. I sill do not have an internet connection. As some of my coworkers and I will be back several times, we talked to the manager. She said everything should be working next time. I offered my services if they still need help when I come back. I would not mind having no connection if I was on vacation. But, as I am on a business trip and as I also need to get schoolwork completed, it is a pain in the ass being without internet.

Day 5

With Friday here, it means a long ride back home. It is about a five-hour drive back to work, plus another hour drive back home. Like the ride out, I was fading in and out of sleep on the ride home. I remember waking up as the van came to an abrupt stop. We were in the number one lane (the leftmost lane) and traffic in front of us was at a dead stop. The next thing I hear is the squealing of brakes behind and to the left of us as a semi comes to a stop beside us. It is a good thing that the semi had an empty trailer. Otherwise, the driver might not have been able to swerve off the road in time to avoid a collision. Fortunately, no one was hurt.

I arrive home, anxious to check my e-mail, etc., and I find that our internet connection is down. *ugh* I was going to get a refreshing glass of cold water (as the water in the resort was only mildly cool). But, I guess there was a water main break somewhere in the city. So, we have to boil our water for the next twenty-four hours. I need a vacation and some sleep.

Tagline for today: "What's the youngest you can die of old age?" - Steven Wright

SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 2007
TRAVELIN' MAN
Posted: 2007-06-24 04:04:10 PM EDT | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
Starting last Tuesday, I was away on business. As typical, the trip did not start out as smoothly as hoped. My coworkers and I were supposed to leave by 9:00 AM. Unfortunately, we left closer to noon. Once we were on the road, things did not improve. The weather made a turn for the worse. We had so much wind and rain that several vehicles had to drive with their flashers on. We also passed a number of vehicles in the road. At one point, we kept expecting to see a tornado touch down. Fortunately, the only major problem was a branch on the road blocking our lane.

The weather cleared up once we got to the resort. Well, resort is probably an overstatement. It is essentially a motel on a golf course. We went to the registration desk to check in. The desk was un-staffed, but there was a basket containing our keys. There was also another basket to use when checking out.

The next morning, we met in the buffet room. Again, there was no staff to be seen. But, there was plenty of cereal, coffee, pastries, milk, and juice. Apparently, nearly everything is on the honor system. With that in mind, I hope that no one minded me rebooting their malfunctioning Wi-Fi router.

The rooms were okay. The beds were smaller than a queen size bed, so I had to sleep diagonally. In addition, there were no phones in the room. But, as long as it was not too windy, we had Wi-Fi access. That night we ate at the clubhouse on the other side of the golf course. I am not much of a drinker, but as I was not driving, I think I had between six and eight beers. In fact, I probably had more alcohol in the past week than I have had the past year.

Even though the place seemed to be in the middle of nowhere and there were very few places to eat, I sure ate well. At one place, a co-worker ordered some fried mushrooms as an appetizer. He probably should have read the description more thoroughly as the plate had one pound of mushrooms. The first time we ate there, I ordered a slice of ham. The single slice completely covered a dinner plate. You would think that I would order less food the next time. But, you would be wrong. I saw that there were two sizes of Stromboli: regular and large. As I was very hungry, I ordered the large. The plate was probably two feet in diameter. Needless to say, I was not able to finish.

Working in a window factory for a week is a bit weird as am typically at a computer most of the day. Also, it is the first software development job I have had requires steel-toed shoes, safety glasses, and ear protection. I only had two minor injuries. The first was when I snagged my finger on a nail. The second was when I cut my hand on a window frame.

Tomorrow, I go out again for another week. And, while I do not enjoy being away from home, I am actually looking forward to the trip.

Tagline for today: "I'm writing an unauthorized autobiography." - Steven Wright


SATURDAY, JUNE 16, 2007
DIGG THE DIGG BUTTON
Posted: 2007-06-16 10:21:14 AM EDT | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
I don't know if anyone of you watches systm. Anyway, on the last half of Episode #10, they showed an LED panel that reflects the number of Diggs a particular website has received. My program was lucky enough to be chosen as the LED controller. For more information, go to the Digg the Digg Button website. If you any questions about my software or need help with other software, let me know.

Tagline for today: "My father was a small claims court jester." - Steven Wright

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 2007
TOUR DE CURE 2007, THE AFTERMATH
Posted: 2007-06-11 08:03:42 PM EDT | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
Yesterday, Rachel and I rode in the American Diabetes Association's Tour de Cure 2007. We signed up to do the 10K ride. We had a good time, but we should have done more preparation. Last year, 10K was a breeze. Of course, that was because we had been doing a lot of riding. This year, we had only one or two rides before the event. Consequently, I had to struggle to make it through. But, aside from a slight sunburn, we both turned out okay.

We do the ride to support the ADA, for fun, and for the exercise. But, the gifts are nice too. We received a t-shirt and lunch like last year. This year, we also received a few baseball caps, another t-shirt, and a few other miscellaneous items. In all, we had a good time and we are already signed up for next year.

Tagline for today: "If you saw a heat wave, would you wave back?" - Steven Wright

FRIDAY, JUNE 08, 2007
TIMBER
Posted: 2007-06-08 04:23:32 PM EDT | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
Last night, we heard a large crash and went outside to investigate. Well, we tried to go outside. A large branch from one of our oak trees had fallen. It fell on the roof, the awning over our back porch, the fence, and the truck. It also landed on the power, phone, and internet lines. Surprisingly, we did not lose any of our services.

Had it happened a few hours earlier, someone might have been injured. Fortunately, no one was in the yard when it happened.

I called the power company around 10:00 PM to have them remove the tree from the power line. The tree was pushing the line onto our garage. It probably would have been okay to leave it overnight. But, I did not want to risk the fire and/or electrical damage.

At midnight, the power company had still not arrived. I called them to see if they could at least give us an ETA. Apparently, they "forgot to report" our problem. It only took another hour and a half before someone finally did show up. Now, we are just waiting on a tree service company to clean up the mess.

We had recently run an electrical line from the house to the garage. The tree is now mostly resting on that line. Had that line not caught the tree, the main power line and other services would definitely been severed. We did lose, however, the line to our garage door opener. But, compared to the scratches on the truck and the damaged awning, it is a minor issue.

Tagline for today: "The other day when I was walking through the woods, I saw a rabbit standing in front of a candle making shadows of people on a tree." - Steven Wright

TUESDAY, JUNE 05, 2007
WORK SHIFT
Posted: 2007-06-05 08:02:53 PM EDT | By: James A. Gayhart AKA Emperor ACE | Permalink | Top 
Recently my employer instituted a policy that would let employees work four 10-hour days instead of five 8-hour days. At first, I was against it. My days seem long enough as it is; I certainly did not want them to get any longer. Then, after some time, I reconsidered. In a typical week, I work nine to ten hours a day anyway. So, I would actually end up working less time. In addition, as I drive nearly one hundred miles a day, I would definitely save on gas and vehicle wear. In addition, I would have an extra day a week to work on schoolwork, housework, etc.

I started my new time yesterday. So far, it is working out okay. Of course, it is a bit too early to tell.

Tagline for today: "If God dropped acid, would he see people?" - Steven Wrigh