Drinking And Driving

11/01/2007 8:02pm

Today was a good day at work. One of our vendors bought lunch for a few of us. In addition, he asked us out to dinner. I typically refuse dinner requests. They are usually 15-20 minutes out of my way. In addition, dinners are usually held 2-3 hours after I normally leave for the day. I usually don't want to stick around at work just for a free dinner. And, I don't live close enough where I could go home for a bit.

But, as I had advance notice and as the restaurant was on my way home, I decided to go. The food was both good and filling. I even had a beer (hey, if someone else is paying). The only downside is that I did not get home until around 9:00 PM.

===================


Keyboard Changes

11/28/2007 6:39am

As a software developer, I spend an inordinate amount of time pounding away at my keyboard. Recently, my wrists have started to bug me while at work. Several years ago, I got a couple of natural keyboards. I finally brought one into work. It should help to alleviate my pain as well as increase my typing efficiency.

===================




I Can't See The TV

11/05/2007 10:05am

I just received the following e-mail from Dell about a TV we had purchased from them a few years ago:

We have determined that your W2600 Dell LCD TV is included in a limited number of Dell TVs that may exhibit a no power issue. The no power symptoms are no video, no sound, and the power indicator is off. The no power issue does not affect general television use once the TV is switched on.

So, if I understand the e-mail correctly, the TV does not function when it is turned off. Yeah, I didn't get it. I did a search online and found that it might be an overheating issue and that it simply fails to turn on. Though my TV (currently) does not have this problem, I wish they could have worded the e-mail better.