
BACK TO PA
2007-07-17 08:02:59 PM EDT 
I am back in Pennsylvania this week on business with a few coworkers. We left yesterday. Since we're staying at a golf resort and motel, my coworkers are planning to do some golfing this week. Anyway, when I arrived at work to load my luggage, I was greeted with a different rental car than the one we had been using. Instead of a van, it was a car. It might not have been too bad if we did not have to take two sets of golf clubs. It took quite an effort to get everything to fit, but we managed.

The ride was uneventful, at least what I remember. I dozed off a few times. Before we arrived at the window plant, we decided to stop for lunch. We ended up stopping at a local pizza place. I did not think I was it was possible, but my calzone had too much cheese.

My room this week is smaller than the one the previous time (but the same size as the one the time before). I wanted to get some schoolwork done, but my internet connection is too flaky. If nothing else, at least this room has a skylight.

Today was tiring. I did not even feel like going out for drinks after dinner. My shoulder has been hurting me; I think that I might have slept on it wrong. Besides, I need to get up earlier tomorrow.

Speaking of drinks, I have noticed that a number of the servers at the local restaurants ask if they could "get us a drink for awhile." That must be a local thing; I have not heard that phrase before.

Before leaving for my trip, I configured my router and home computer so that I could connect to it remotely. This helps with checking some of my e-mail as well as viewing my financial information while I am away. As an added bonus, I can also view the security system cameras.

In my search for additional income, I came across a website that lets you play in online tournaments of various games. This weekend I won in a $2,000 FreeCell tournament. I did not win the top prize of $500, but I did come in 13th winning $30. It is not much, but every bit counts.

This weekend Rachel and I also got new cell phones. We had been using Sprint, but since I do not get Sprint service when traveling, I had to pay about $100 in roaming charges. In addition, I get spotty coverage at work.

In our building, Verizon has a cell repeater to boost the signal. Most of the employees have a Verizon phone making mobile-to-mobile calls free. In addition, we get an employee discount. So, the decision to switch was a simple one.

As I did not want to put out any money up front (for new phones, activation fees, etc.), I was happy when I found phones online for free. The phones are not the latest and greatest, but the price was hard to beat. The only downside is that it did not include a case or a cell phone charge. That will come later.

Tagline for today: "My house is made out of balsa wood, so when I want to scare the neighborhood kids I lift it over my head and tell them to get out of my yard or I'll throw it at them." - Steven Wright

===================
BACK TO WORK
2007-07-09 08:34:15 PM EDT 
After not being in the office since June 14, it was weird going to the office today. I will have to get used to waking up early again. Falling asleep at 1:00 AM and getting up at 4:00 AM will not last long. The earliest I had been getting up for the past month had been 6:00 AM. And, with me being on vacation last week, I got up a lot later.

I also have not driven for about a month. I noticed some new billboard, and a nice chunk of my commute is newly paved. Fortunately, I did not have to deal with the construction.

It was weird once I got to the office too. It was nice to use a full-sized keyboard and a mouse again. I noticed at least a new face or two and that the mailbox slots had been reordered. As I had been working most of the time while I was away from the office, I did not have much to catch up on. I did, however, have to rip off a half of month worth of pages from my page-a-day calendar.

Tagline for today: "If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead." - Johnny Carson

===================
INDEPENDENCE DAY 2007
2007-07-05 05:00:18 PM EDT 
As always, I hope that everyone had a safe holiday yesterday and that you did not lose any fingers and toes. When I was in Pennsylvania last week, I was tempted to bring home some fireworks. But, without money, it is hard to buy fireworks.

Rachel and I went to her mother's house for some food. I probably ate enough where I will not have to eat for the rest of the week. And, even though we did not light any fireworks, Rachel and I still had a good time. We played badminton for a while. We do not use a net or keep score. We just try to keep the shuttlecocks off the roof.

When we got home, I played with my green laser pointer outside. With all of the smoke from the fireworks, the beam was very visible. Of course, the laser is fairly powerful to begin with.

Still having money issues, Rachel and I have been looking for ways to spend less money. One way we are trying to save money is by buying groceries at warehouse clubs and discounts stores. Anyway, I recently found out that you could buy non-perishable items from Amazon.com's Grocery Store. Their prices are sometimes cheaper than other stores and we save some money on gas. In addition, you can "subscribe" to items. For example, you can buy a 60-cup package of Kellogg's cereal and have it automatically delivered every two months. You end up saving 15% on subscribed items.

Tagline for today: "I have my standards. They may be low, but I have them." - Bette Midler

===================
HEAT WAVE
2007-07-03 10:45:41 PM EDT 
Okay, it is not quite that hot. But, with an air conditioner that is not currently working, it seems like it is. The compressor stopped working yesterday. As I am currently having financial problems, I was hoping for a small repair bill. The repair company quickly smashed that hope. At least it is cooler now.

Tagline for today: "I like to skate on the other side of the ice." - Steven Wright