Sitting in Traffic
Thu, 09/25/2008 - 7:43am — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
On the way to work, I hear about an accident on the radio. The accident must have been a big one as officials blocked three of the traffic lanes. Sure enough, traffic halted once I was a few miles away from the scene. So, I sat back and watched other stupid drivers. Of course, there were the usual idiots trying to get ahead by driving in the emergency lane. I saw one driver drive across the median and head the other way on the freeway. On one of the on ramps, I saw a number of people either backup or make a U-turn. As I keep listening to the radio, it seems that this accident precipitated a number of other accidents in the area (probably due to more stupid people).

At an hour, my commute is long enough. Doubling my commute time definitely annoys me. However, I am not going to drive recklessly just to get to my destination a few minutes faster.

After listening to the most recent traffic report, it looks like someone was going faster than 100 mph. The driver hit a guardrail and was killed. Again, more stupid people.

Bookmark/Search this post with:


Hurricane Ike
Mon, 09/15/2008 - 8:52am — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
Yesterday, Rachel and I were relaxing. The weather started okay, but quickly became quite windy. Apparently, remnants of hurricane Ike was passing through. A number of small branches and twigs came down.

We had the dogs out for a quick potty break when the wind really started to pick up. I said it was time to go in and we started to corral the dogs. I was not quick enough. A branch fell right on my arm. It did not leave any marks, but it is still sore today.

The power also went out for a bit. Even when it came back on, it flickered a few times. After feeling a dull thud, we went back outside to investigate. A rather large branch came down and hit our fence. This is the second time our fence has suffered damage from a falling branch. Like last time our fence is still intact and there is less damage than the last time. Of course, a huge section of our backyard is sitting under that branch. With winds peaking at 71 mph, I am surprised we did not have more branches down.

For dinner, we made pizza. We used store-bought dough instead of making our own this time. But, it was still pretty good. Next time, we will try with homemade dough and play around with the ingredient proportions. Rachel also made some granola. We put some on top of yogurt for a nice dessert.

This morning, I expected many branches down. Aside from small twigs crunching under my tires in the driveway, the roads were nearly completely clear. I only had to swerve around on branch.

I knew gas prices would rise. But, I was a bit shocked when the corner station had gas at $4.19! The other stations in the area were only at $3.99. I stopped going to the corner station when they started to limit gas transactions to $50.

The only blockage I really encountered was other drivers. The roads were clear, the lights were working, and it was not raining. Yet some drivers refused to exceed 40 mph on the highway. When the rest of the cars are averaging sixty-five to seventy mph, going 40 mph is probably hazardous. Either stay off the road or drive with your emergency lights on.

Bookmark/Search this post with:


Race for the Cure
Mon, 09/15/2008 - 8:31am — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
Recently, Rachel asked if I would like to volunteer for the 15th Annual Komen Northeast Ohio Race for the Cure. Other coworkers of Target were going to help and she wanted to help too. Having friends and family members that have dealt with cancer, I thought it was a worthy cause. All we were supposed to do is to stand at the midpoint and hand out water. How hard could that be?

When she said we would have to get up at 4:00 AM on a Saturday, I should have reconsidered. I get up early every weekday; I like to sleep in on the weekend. Nevertheless, last Saturday, we got up early and eventually headed out. Our instructions said to meet near Burke Lakefront Airport between 6:00 and 6:30 AM.

Not having much cash, we parked by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The attendant in the booth said we needed to talk to someone else. We drove on a short bit, and found the next attendant who was sitting in his car. I do not blame him much. It had been raining for quite some time. We would, however, appreciated a sign or something that told us where we needed to be.

We found a parking spot and started walking to the midway point. It was only about a mile away and we figured the exercise would be good for us. We eventually came to a terminal that had several vehicles and a police car. We thought that this was where we were supposed to meet. After conferring with everyone, they realized that they could not park there. So, we waited while everyone else drove off to find a parking spot.

After some time, we realized that we were probably not at the midpoint. Therefore, we continued walking east. After some time, we found the midpoint. Hardly anything was set up. The only "tent" that was there was for medical purposes. We had to stand out in the rain. We did bring an umbrella. Unfortunately, it broke during our long walk. I eventually had to take off my glasses because I got tired of wiping off the rain.

The midpoint was on a traffic island between a freeway off ramp and two other roads. We had to wait while city officials ran water lines from a nearby hydrant. I did not realize that this water was potable. Of course, it probably was not any worse than the rainwater that would also be filling the cups. It did not take long to set up and fill a few thousand cups. We finished around 8:00 AM. As the race did not start until 9:15 AM, we had an hour to kill. Fortunately, Target provided us with free donuts, fruit, snacks, coffee, and hot chocolate. Rachel and I helped ourselves and then meandered for a bit.

One of the organizers gave us instructions on how to hand out the cups. It seemed a bit silly. I figured that most of the people would be walking. But, when I heard that there was an estimated forty thousand racers, I took it a bit more seriously. Runners would just grab the cups and throw them down, sometimes at your feet. It was important not to be offended and to keep encouraging the participants.

Shortly after 9:00 AM, a female runner appeared on the overpass. We all cheered as she approached us. At first, she refused some water. As the "race" was only three miles, I was not too surprised. Eventually, she gave in and took a cup. I was a bit surprised, however, when she finished the water while standing at a trash can before tossing the cup away.

When she stopped at the nearby news van, I figured they were just interviewing her. After awhile, we realized that she was just one of the reporters! A few minutes later, the first few runners appeared. Then, the floodgates opened. I would guess that at least ten to twenty thousand people passed by.

Most of the people were in good spirits. They would thank us and praise Target. Some of the people were in shock when we told them they could just throw the cups on the ground. A few knuckleheads threw their cups up and back into the race.

Rachel and I stood together. I would hold a tray of cups and she would hand them out. As we were at the end of the line, I did not expect many people to take water from us. At the beginning of the water line, cups and trays were flying. At our end, it was thankfully much slower. I did have one woman take water from me just because the "guy at the end never hands out any water."

A few racers brought their dogs along. We would hold the cups while the dogs could get a quick drink. Had we thought about it (and had it not been raining), we would have brought our dogs. I was surprised at the number of people on their cell phones. Seriously, what is so important that you have to make phone calls while running?

After what seemed to be an eternity, the racers finally started to thin out. Finally, a police officer came up the road. Using his loudspeaker, he said that the race was over. He also went on to say how cops prefer bagels to doughnuts.

Thanks to some of the volunteers cleaning up during the race (and many people who refused to litter) cleanup only took about five minutes. Rachel and I each got Target-branded t-shirts and bandanas. They also gave us gift bags. Since they had an abundance of food, they were pushing food on everyone. We took home a dozen doughnuts.

We had only walked a bit to the car when one of the medial personnel drove up to us and stopped. He asked us if we needed a ride. Had it not been raining and had we not been holding bags and a cardboard box that was quickly deteriorating, we might have refused. We got in and he dropped us off near our vehicle.

After fighting traffic for some time (and some inept traffic cops), we were finally on the way back home. Once home, we quickly got out of our rain-soaked clothed. Both of us were more tired than we should have been. We eventually realized that we suffered a bit of windburn. After sleeping for a while, we got up and checked out the bounty in our gift bag.

Each of us received another bandana, a tin of sugar-free mints, some gum, and a $10 gift card (to Target of course). Included was also a first aid kit. It is nice and compact. I would put something like that in my vehicle (if I did not already have a few medial kits). My favorite item was a personal battery-operated fan. Okay, it sucked as a fan. But, when the blades rotated, a series of lights would alternate between the Target logo and their name. Even without the swag, it was a fun event. If our schedule is clear, we might try this next year.

Sufficiently rested, it was time to turn to dinner. Continuing our quest to make the majority of all our meals, we made cornbread pie. It had cornbread on the top and bottom with ground beef, onions, cheese, and jalapeños. We both thought that there were too many onions. But, it was still quite good. We will toss this recipe into our "keep" pile (after a few modifications).

Bookmark/Search this post with:


Short School Break
Fri, 09/12/2008 - 8:20am — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
On last Saturday, I turned in the last final for my classes this term. I am happy to state that I received an "A" for all three classes this term. This means that I will continue to maintain my 4.0 GPA (grade point average). Now, I am down to fifteen more classes before I earn my Bachelor's degree. If I continue to take the maximum of three classes at a time, I will be done around June. In the meantime, I will enjoy this short break until the next term starts this coming Wednesday.

Bookmark/Search this post with:


Jury Duty
Wed, 09/10/2008 - 4:14pm — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
A few days ago, my mom called to say I received some official-looking notice via the mail. She forwarded over to me. It was a form to determine my eligibility for jury duty. While I would not mind serving again, I cannot afford to fly from Ohio to California to do so. I am sure they will accept my "excuse" for not being eligible.

Bookmark/Search this post with:

Sunrise, Sunset
Mon, 09/08/2008 - 6:05am — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
Rachel and I wanted to get out of the house for a while. The only problem is that we do not have a lot of money. Therefore, any overnight trip is out of the question as it is expensive to board our three dogs. Of course, even if did not have to board the dogs, most trips would be too expensive.

Since we were both off on Saturday, we thought that it would be fun to watch the sunrise at Lakeview Park (in Lorain, OH). But, the light rain that came down on Friday night did not give us much hope for good weather the next day. Sure enough, it was raining when we got up in the morning. We were a bit disappointed, but enjoyed the extra sleep when we were able to go back to bed.

Our fall back plan was to watch the sunset. As it turns out, it was a good plan. We spent a bit of time looking at the next signs and structures at the park. Then, we walked all of the rings of the rose garden. Finally, we walked down to the beach. We walked along the edge until we found a nice quiet spot to sit and wait for the sunset.

As expected, the sunset was quite beautiful. The whole experience only took a few hours out of our day. But, we both enjoyed it and are looking forward to doing it again soon.

Bookmark/Search this post with:

2008 Crystal Achievement Award
Thu, 09/04/2008 - 1:02pm — James A. Gayhart
Recently, Window & Door Magazine awarded my employer, GED Integrated Solutions, the 2008 Crystal Achievement Award for "Most Innovative Machine." It was for our i3 Smartload Welding System.

Members of the project team received their own personalized award. It is a piece of curved and beveled glass with "2008 Crystal Achievement Award," "i3 Smartload Welding System," our name, and the company's logo. It is beautiful, but is unfortunately difficult to photograph. I placed it on the shelf above my desk.

Bookmark/Search this post with:

