The Detour
07/24/2008 1:16pm

I live in Lorain, OH and commute to Twinsburg, OH (about an hour away) each day. For those familiar with the area, I take 611 to 90 to 176 (Jennings) to 480. On Monday, I was on 90 near the 176 exit. I hear a traffic announcement stating that the ramp from 176 to 480 would be closed until 6:00 AM. I decided to take a "slight" detour. Yeah, I suppose if I was more familiar with the area, it would not have taken me 30 miles out of my way. If nothing else, it looks funny on a map. So, I ended up going in a circle. But, by the time I completed my circle, my ramp was open and I was able to commute like normal. I only wish I had my GPS or map handy.
===================
The Dark Knight
07/24/2008 8:28am

Rachel and I went to watch "The Dark Knight" yesterday afternoon. The movie was great. Heath Ledger did an excellent portrayal of "The Joker." I was a bit concerned that we would not make the movie in time. I had intended on doing my homework last weekend, but I ended up catching up on some much-needed sleep. Unfortunately, this meant I was up until midnight putting the final changes on my work before I turned it in. Of course, this meant that I also slept in.

Rachel and I arrived at the theater about ten minutes before show time. I dropped off Rachel at the door while I tried to find a parking spot. I would have found a spot sooner had it not been for an inconsiderate driver. They parked their SUV over four spaces! I personally drive an SUV. And yes, due to my lack of exceptional parking skills, I might park on the dividing lines. But, I have never taken up four spaces. At least by the time I parked, Rachel had tickets in her hand.

For the last few times I went to the concession stand, I had been craving a pretzel. But, each time they had been out. This time, I was in luck. Food in hand, we headed off to find our seats. On the way, we ran into a "crazy lady." She was pulling up her shorts up to her armpits and greeted us with a greeting that was loud enough to be heard in the next theater over. A few minutes later, she sat down several rows in front of us.

We found some nice seats and sat down just before the previews started. Well, they would have started, but I guess there was some problem in the projection room. We sat watching the "Please Turn Off Your Cell Phones" screen for several minutes. Maybe people should have paid attention.

I think people think that turning off their ringer is sufficient. Someone's cell phone ringing during a move is definitely annoying. And, like clockwork, someone's cell phone rang during the movie. But, seeing a bright cell phone screen in a dark movie theater is also just as annoying. I am engrossed in the movie when someone (near the "crazy lady") starts playing with his or her cell phone. Once would have been bad enough, but they kept doing it throughout the whole movie disrupting the ambiance.

Talking during a movie is also a pet peeve of mine. Sure, the occasional laugh, scream, whatever. But, I do not want to hear a running commentary. If I did, I would wait for the DVD. I saw "Star Wars: Episode II -- Attack of the Clones" when it came out at the world famous Grauman's Chinese Theatre. It would have been a great experience if the idiot behind me had not explained the entire movie, scene by scene, to his companion. Fortunately, aside from the aforementioned "crazy lady," there was not a lot of talking. She would occasionally (loudly) comment about the movie.

Anyway, it was a good movie to watch. I look forward to a sequel. I just wonder who could live up to Ledger's performance.

===================


Off To The Races
07/14/2008 8:39am

After a few months of being without my treadmill, it is finally up and running again. My mishap a few months ago fried the main circuit board. Last week a replacement board arrived. I think it took about an hour to swap out the boards, re-lubricate the running deck, and put all the covers in place. I am looking forward to jogging again.

Recently, Rachel and I went to see "Wall-E" and "Journey to the Center of the Earth." "Wall-E" had minimal dialog. I thought it was a bit dark for an animated film. However, it made a few valid points about how humans should treat our planet.

"Journey to the Center of the Earth" was just okay. If we did not get to watch in it 3D, it probably would not have been worth it. It was a typical Brendan Fraser movie: corny with a shallow plot. I wish that they had more 3D effect. I also wish it were closer to the novel or at least the first movie.

===================

Independence Day 2008
07/04/2008 6:25pm

So far, today has been a quiet day. I imagine that as it gets darker outside, it will become louder. Several of my neighbors have been setting off fireworks for the last few months. I enjoy fireworks as much as the next person does. However, I do not think that they have as much visual impact during the day as they would at night. Of course, I do not enjoy listening to the racket well past midnight. At least I do not have to work for a few days. Therefore, if the noise keeps me up tonight, I can sleep in tomorrow.

A few days ago, I started some new classes. I expected the algebra class to be the easiest. However, it has the biggest workload so far. Of course, most of my classes have few requirements for the first week. I will be able to make a better assessment next week.

Speaking of school, both the Golden Key International Honour Society and the Alpha Beta Kappa honor society have inducted me. The reason is that I have a 4.0. For similar reasons, I am on the president's list for the second time in a row.

Rachel and I went to see "Wanted" last night. It was an okay movie. I felt a bit too much like the title character, as I do not quite know who I am sometimes. This does not mean that I am going to become an assassin. Heck, if I had a gun, I would probably end up shooting myself.


===================


Slinkity
06/20/2008 7:54am

"What walks down stairs, alone or in pairs, And makes a slinkity sound?" A Slinky of course! At my desk at work I have a small slinky collection (about a dozen). Last night Rachel and were browsing the Target Company Store. I have a Target-branded self-stirring mug that is gradually wearing down. I was looking for a replacement (which I could not find) when I found a Target-branded Slinky! I sprung into action and ordered one.

