Weekly Update
View
What links here
Mon, 12/08/2008 - 1:43pm — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
It has been a busy past few days. On Wednesday, I started my next school term. This term I am taking IT350: SQL, IT274: Intermediate C#, and EL205: Prior Learning Assessment (PLA) II. The PLA classes, I hope, will let me earn credits for experience. If I earn all the credits I am attempting, I knock out six classes.

On Thursday, I received a call from Rachel. When leaving work, she found a note on her vehicle that said the police were looking for her. The note instructed her to stand by a nearby marked police car. Since she did not know what was going on, she went back inside her work. She ran into the police officer and he explained what was going on. Apparently, someone with a vehicle similar to Rachel's had hit another vehicle and left. He said that it was definitely not her vehicle and she was free to go.

On Saturday, it started to snow. We received about an inch. It is not a lot, but it was enough where we needed to clean the snow off the vehicles. I did not really need to shovel. But, since I like to, I ended up cleaning off the driveway. As we have not had hardly any snow since then, the driveway has stayed nice and dry.

Yesterday, Rachel called me from work. She had accidentally cut her middle finger and needed to go to the emergency room. It was not life threatening. But, it looked deep enough where it might require stitches. In addition, she had to go to the hospital if she wanted to claim worker's compensation. Unfortunately, we had to go to the same hospital where she had to sit for nearly an hour before we decided to give up and go home. Fortunately, the hospital was not busy this time. The staff cleaned and bandaged her wound. In addition, she had a booster tetanus shot.

Rachel is doing okay. Her arm is still sore from where they gave her the shot and her finger is doing better. I teased her because with her finger in a splint, it looked like she was flipping me off all last night.

Bookmark/Search this post with:

How to Meet the Chief of Police
View
What links here
Thu, 12/04/2008 - 7:23pm — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
On Monday, I was reviewing transactions on my bank's website. I noticed two charges at a local gas station that totaled over $540! I knew that they did not belong to me. I know gas is expensive, but I have never spent that much at a gas station in one day. As it was past banking hours, I had to call my bank on Tuesday. They closed our account. They also mentioned that whoever stole our information also tried to charge our account another time at a different gas station.

So, on Tuesday, I had to drive around town. The bank wanted an official letter stating that we did not make those charges. But, as Rachel is the primary accountholder, she had to sign the letter. I drafted the letter, drove to Rachel's work, and then went to the bank. The bank figured that it was an inside job (at the gas station, not the bank) and recommended that I fill out a police report. It took a bit of sleuthing to find the appropriate police station that has jurisdiction over that gas station.

In the afternoon, I went to the police station to fill out the report. I was a bit surprised that the officer taking my report was the Chief of Police. But, it is a small station. Besides, if I were the chief, I would send everyone else out on calls while I sat inside the warm police station.

I have not heard anything yet from either bank or the police. The bank did credit our account until the issue is resolved, so we are not out that money.

Bookmark/Search this post with:

Thermal Shock
View
What links here
Tue, 12/02/2008 - 8:54am — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
On Sunday night, I was upstairs programming when I heard Rachel call me from downstairs. I hurried downstairs to see what the problem was. She pointed to the candle warmer on the living room table.

At first, I did not see a problem. However, as I got closer, I immediately saw the problem: There was strawberry-scented candle wax everywhere! We initially thought either that the candle overflowed or that one of the dogs bumped the table. A closer inspection revealed a small crack in the candle. A leaf from a nearby plant was touching that crack.

We think that the candle suffered from thermal shock when the plant touched it. Even though the crack was small, it did not stop wax from going everywhere. The candle, fused to the warmer, fused to the table, and fused to the floor. It took awhile to pry the mess off the table. When the wax hit the floor, it splattered on the nearby drapes. It even went down into the heating vent. If nothing else, the house should smell like strawberries for some time. Now, the challenge becomes removing the wax from the drapes and curtains.

Bookmark/Search this post with:




Anniversary Couple of the Day
View
What links here
Thu, 12/11/2008 - 3:18pm — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
Recently, Rachel and I received mail stating we won a contest. Considering the recent problems with our bank account, we initially thought it was a fraud. But, after doing some research, we found that it was indeed legitimate.

Anyway, we won WEOL's "Anniversary Couple of the Day." The price was a floral arrangement from Puffer's Floral Shoppe. This morning I went to pick it up. It was a mug with some lovely flowers. Even though we already thanked the person who entered us into the contest, I wanted to thank them publicly. So, Thank You!

Bookmark/Search this post with:

Merry Christmas 2008
View
What links here
Mon, 12/29/2008 - 7:14pm — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
I hope everyone had a good Christmas or whichever holiday your family celebrates. It has been a crazy past couple of weeks. Pizza Hut finally contacted me about our past dining experience. They sent me a couple of coupons for free pizzas. In addition, the regional manager contacted me and gave me a $25 credit for my next order. That is fine, just as long as their products improve. I am not going to eat a crummy pizza even if it is free. However, we will at least give them another chance.

Since my unemployment in October, I have been interviewing at various companies. I lost track of the number of interviews. With the economy as it is and with the holidays and it being near the end of the year, I did not really expect any leads until January. I had a few offers before Christmas. But, they were really mediocre offers.

I was all set to wait until January when I received a call from Tri-C (Cuyahoga Community College) on Friday (the 19th). They made a decent offer. Last Monday, I accepted the offer. The next day, I received an employee orientation binder. It has the typical new hire forms. It also covers all of the benefits and such. I go in for orientation next Monday and start work the following day.

I have mixed feelings about working again. It is nothing to do with Tri-C. Since it has been two months since I have been working in an office, it will be a bit weird working again. There will be no more sleeping in for me. At least me commute will be shorter and I will be able to spend more time with my family.

For Christmas Eve, Rachel and I went to her mom's house. Rachel's brother and family also came. We brought our Wii and had a lot of fun playing Mario Kart and The Price Is Right. I generally do not like gatherings. But, I genuinely had a good time. Driving home, on the other hand, was a different story.

We were so lost in our merriment that we did not notice the freezing rain outside. Rachel's brother called from the road to say that accidents on the turnpike forced officers to close it down. The local news said there were similar situations on other nearby roads. One road close to the house had a twenty-five car pile up.

We packed up our stuff and prepared for the drive home. As the driveway was a sheet of ice, I had a difficult time trying to scrape ice off the windows. I am amazed that I did not slip and fall. Our SUV did slide down the driveway though. I was in four-wheel drive and had the brakes on. I just had to wait until it came to a stop. Fortunately, it stopped just before it hit the street. The ride home, though slower than normal, was uneventful. We did slide when we pulled into the driveway. I had stopped in our driveway and the whole rear end shifted about a foot to the right. At least we arrived safely.

The weather here has been crazy these last few days. One day, it is freezing, the next day it hits sixty-five, then it is back to freezing. The wind has been coming virtually non-stop. The wind already blew off a handful of shingles off the roof. Bare wood is not showing yet, but we definitely need a new roof.

Due to our reduced income, we did not splurge for Christmas gifts this year. However, we did buy Wii Fit. We moved the Wii into the living room last night. Now that we have a lot more room to maneuver, playing with the Wii is a completely new experience. Heck, I spent at least an hour playing Wii Fit today. Rachel is not going to be happy about that. But, at least it is some exercise. She cannot complain too much about that.

Bookmark/Search this post with:


Hello? Pizza Hut Customer Service?
View
What links here
Thu, 12/18/2008 - 2:07pm — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly versionA few weeks ago, my wife and I ordered from Pizza Hut. We did not have the greatest of experiences. So, we sent the following letter. We have yet to hear anything from them:
November 30, 2008

Pizza Hut, Inc.
ATTN: Customer Service
14841 Dallas Parkway
Dallas, TX 75254

To Whom It May Concern:

My wife, Rachel, and I are fans of Pizza Hut. We enjoy the various styles of pizzas and appetizers. In particular, we both enjoy the Stuffed Crust style of crust. We probably have tried every item on the menu including a plethora of different pizza topping combinations over the years.

As you obviously know, one of the problems with pizza delivery is in getting the order correct. However, with online ordering, it is nearly impossible to have a miscommunication between the customer and the store. In fact, we often choose Pizza Hut simply because of the convenience of ordering online.

However, as much as we enjoy Pizza Hut, my wife and I have noticed a very discernable decline in quality of both the food and the service. For example, I always use my debit card for my online orders. The e-mail receipt (which I can only assume that the store gets a copy of) clearly states that I am using a credit card for payment. Yet, the delivery person consistently fails to bring a credit card slip. For those times when a credit card slip is present, they often forget the credit card imprint machine. Instead, they try to use a pen or pencil to generate the imprint. Recently, I even saw a driver nearly destroy the credit card slip with a pen.

Of course, the credit card slip notwithstanding, the driver occasionally forgets portions of our meal. For example, on the most recent meal, the driver forgot our beverages. To the store and driver’s credit, they were aware of the problem when they reached our door. However, the drivers need to check the meals before they leave.

I understand that everyone makes mistakes from time to time. Everyone is only human. However, with our recent experience, my wife and I are reluctant to order again in the near future. Let me tell you about that experience:

On November 28 2008 at 4:13 PM, I placed an order to the store at 4175 E. Lake Rd., Sheffield Lake, OH 44054. Here are the details of that order:

1 Large Stuffed Crust Pizza: Pepperoni
1 Personal Pan Pizza® Pan Pizza: Buffalo Chicken Pizza w/Ranch
1 Large Stuffed Crust Pizza: Supreme Pizza Hut
1 Garden Salad – Side
1 Classic P'Zone Pizza Hut
1 Mountain Dew 2-Liter
1 Diet Pepsi 2-Liter
1 Baked Cinnamon Sticks with Icing – single order
1 Boneless Buffalo Wings – Double Order with 2 Ranch Sauces
1 Breadsticks with Marinara Sauce – single order
With delivery and taxes (not including a tip), the total came to $70.39.

The first problem was the aforementioned issue lack of sodas. The driver apologized several times and rushed back to the store to retrieve them. The next problem was the salad. The salad containers used to be fully packed. This time, the salad seemed to be a lot lighter than usual. I turned the container on its side and notice that the contents filled less than half of the container. I paid for a full salad, not a half of one. When I used to order via phone, the order taker would ask for a choice of salad dressing. The website, however, does not have the capability. I suppose I could order a side of dressing, but I did not want to pay $0.75 for something that I feel should come with the salad. Speaking of dressings, I believe the Buffalo Chicken Pizza is supposed to come with ranch dressing. Maybe it was because it was a personal size, but it did not come with ranch dressing. The Buffalo wings, on the other hand, did come with the appropriate dressing.

Once I got over the diminutive size of the salad and the lack of dressing, I began to eat it. I immediately noticed a "gritty" taste in my mouth. It tasted and felt like the lettuce was unwashed!

I threw away the salad and dug into my pizza (the supreme one). "Supreme" is probably a poor choice of words for my pizza. Sure, all the toppings were on it, but they were poorly spaced. Cheese exclusively covered some rather large areas of the pizza. Now, I love cheese as next as the next person does. However, when I order a pizza with multiple toppings the point is to get some of each topping in every bite.

I went to pick up the first slice. Each slice was a different size. Naturally, I expect some slight variation. However, some of the slices were twice as large as other slices. Whoever did the poor cutting job on my supreme pizza gave the same effort (or lack thereof) on my wife’s pepperoni pizza. Similarly, some areas of the pizza were devoid of the pepperoni topping.

Once we each picked up a slice, we noticed that the crust was extremely thin. I remember when I could hold a slice by the crust end and have it remain relatively solid. These pizzas were incredibly flimsy. Had I wanted a thin crust, I would have ordered it that way. I wonder if someone tried making large pizzas with medium sizes of dough and stretching it more than they should.

Expecting the taste of pepperoni when my wife bit into her pizza, she was unpleasantly surprised with the taste of cinnamon. Obviously, the cook cut the cinnamon sticks before cutting the pepperoni pizza without first wiping the blade off.

My last complaint is with the website. I would have sent this via the PizzaHut.com website. However, I received errors from the feedback form. Specifically, I received the following error:

Validation of viewstate MAC failed. If this application is hosted by a Web Farm or cluster, ensure that <machineKey> configuration specifies the same validationKey and validation algorithm. AutoGenerate cannot be used in a cluster.

I understand that it is a challenge to deliver a quality product in a timely manner. However, at least in this case, I would have preferred quality over time. Sure, we were hungry. Nevertheless, we would have been happy to wait an extra ten to fifteen minutes if the quality were better. We are not looking for a refund or coupons. We are just longing for the Pizza Hut as we used to remember. If you need to contact me for questions, you can e-mail me at [redacted], call me at [redacted], or mail me at [redacted]. I wish you the best of luck and I look forward to (hopefully) better meals in the future.


Respectfully,

[signed]

James A. Gayhart
Now that their website allows sending feedback, maybe I will get some sort of response now.
Bookmark/Search this post with:
Delicious