The President's Challenge
03/19/2008 7:02pm

The two most popular days to start an exercise regime are "tomorrow" and "Monday." Tomorrow kicks off the National President's Challenge. The goal is to get the nation up and moving. We (mostly me) are too fat. I had been using the President's Challenge website a few years ago. However, now that I spend two additional hours commuting every morning I lost my exercise time. I miss my morning exercises (sometimes). Well, starting tomorrow, I am going to attempt to do my exercises after work. I am dubious in my ability to succeed. Nevertheless, I will make the attempt
===================

Running Into A Wall
03/31/2008 10:05am

I know that runners occasionally talk about "hitting a wall." This usually means a sudden loss of energy. Yesterday, I "hit the wall" while jogging on my treadmill. I know I am in poor shape (right now), but this had nothing to do with my endurance. I literally hit the wall. Well, not quite.

I was about twenty minutes into my jog when the treadmill stopped abruptly. My chest hit the treadmill's console while my feet slipped on the running surface. Consequently, I have severe pains in my chest, hips, knees, and back. I only wished that it looked as funny as it sounded.

It turns out that the circuit had tripped for that room. I am not yet sure, if the treadmill drawing power than it should have caused the problem or if it was a coincidence. All I know now is that it hurts every time I sit, stand, or breathe. This is going to be a long week.

===================



Jaguar Faucets
03/28/2008 7:04am

I have been noticing a number of people reaching my site who are looking for "Jaguar faucets." At first, I was wondering if the famous car maker was branching out. I might not be able to afford a car from Jaguar, but I was curious about a Jaguar faucet. After some brief research, I was unable to find anything, but I wondered if maybe people were looking for beer taps with the Jacksonville Jaguars logo.

Eventually, I finally found a company in India called Jaguar International Limited. It appears as though they do make some plumbing products. I did see that Jaguar International Limited is owned by D.P. Jindal Group.

After more searching, I found this site that looks promising. At least they sell what I traditionally think of as a faucet. I do not know if this is what everyone seems to be searching for. If anyone finds a better link, please let me know.

If I was buying a new faucet, this is what I would buy.

