American Diabetes Association Tour de Cure 2008
View
What links here
Sun, 06/08/2008 - 1:28pm — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
Rachel and I recently go back from the American Diabetes Association's Tour de Cure. This is the third year that we have done the bicycle ride. Like last year, it was at Blossom Music Center. And, like usual, we were unprepared for the ride. Except for a few days ago, we have not ridden our bikes since last year’s ride. The ride was only supposed to be 10K. But, with the weather in the nineties, the heat was too much for a number of people. When we reached the halfway point, Rachel said she was done. It is probably a good thing too. I do not know how much longer I would have lasted. I am still having pains from my treadmill incident a few months ago.

Even though this year's ride is over, it is not too late to donate.

Bookmark/Search this post with:

I Am Now Microsoft Certified
View
What links here
Wed, 06/04/2008 - 9:27pm — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
Last Wednesday, I took the Microsoft 70-536: .NET Framework 2.0 Application Development Foundation exam. I was a bit nervous. The testing center is located at the Lorain County Community College. I had driven by the LCCC numerous times but had never ventured on campus. Since Rachel is more familiar with the area (and because I wanted some moral support) she came with me.

I signed in and began my exam. Fortunately, I was the only one testing at the time. The room was very quiet. It was, however, a bit unnerving to look up and see a video camera looking down at me. The proctor gave me two "sheets" of reusable graph paper. I did not use them, but I liked the idea.

The exam itself was dissimilar from all the practice tests I took. I marked the first handful of questions for later review, as I was unsure of myself. However, I became more confident as the exam progressed. The only hiccup I had is I did not scroll down all the way on one question. The exam software reminded me of that. So, I had to scroll down to view the remaining part of the answers. Of course, it was only whitespace.

I had two hours to complete the exam, but I think it only took about forty minutes. Once I was done, I thought I would receive my score right away. But, I was given the option to comment on all the questions. Come already! Just give me my score! Finally, I received my score.

I did not get as high of a score as I wanted. But, the main thing was that I passed! I am now a Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)! Now that I had one exam down, I was anxious to start the next exam: Microsoft 70-526: .NET Framework 2.0 Windows-Based Client Development. I was hoping that I could spend the rest of the week studying and take the exam the next Wednesday (today).

On Thursday, I drove out to visit Rachel. We then stopped at Chick-fil-A briefly before visiting the Ohio Western Reserve National Cemetery to visit her dad's grave. On the way, traffic in front of us came to an abrupt stop. Rachel had to slam on the brakes. Afterwards, we noticed that the vehicle was slow to accelerate and wanted to veer to the left.

On Friday, I spent the morning at the repair shop. They had to rebuild the brakes. They had locked on to one of the tires. I guess they have had a lot of wear and tear. I am thankful the brakes held out as long as they did. Of course, now I have to fork out another $700 in auto repairs.

Today, I took my Microsoft 70-526 exam. Again, the exam went by relatively quickly. Again, I did not get as high of a score as I wanted. But, again the main thing is that I passed. I am now a Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS) in .NET Framework 2.0 Windows Applications.

The next step is to get my Microsoft Certified Professional Developer (MCPD) for Visual Studio 2005. I will just have to pass the Microsoft 70-548: Designing and Developing Windows-Based Applications Using the Microsoft .NET Framework exam.

After the exam, Rachel and drove to the Western Reserve Historical Society to see the Vatican Splendors exhibit. The exhibit holds about "two hundred works of art and historically significant objects." As some of these objects have not previously left the Vatican and as Rachel and I do not anticipate going there in the near future, we thought we would jump on this opportunity.

The exhibit was okay. It would have been a bit better if people had turned off their cell phones (there were several signs telling people to do so). I really do not care if you are trying to plan a trip to Jamaica. I hope you have a fun trip, but I do not want to hear about it while I am in a museum. It ruins some of the ambiance. It is similar to using your cell phone or talking during a movie. Ugh!

After we got home, I received my nifty new MCP shirt. Maybe I will wear that to work and see if anyone notices. For now, I am off to play some video games. Vacation is rough!

Bookmark/Search this post with:


Microsoft Certified Professional Developer
Fri, 06/27/2008 - 9:29am — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
Last week, I was supposed to take my Microsoft 70-548: Designing and Developing Windows-Based Applications by Using the Microsoft .NET Framework exam. On Monday of last week, I had finished with my exam preparation book. I went online to schedule the exam. I saw that Tuesday was already booked, but Wednesday was free. Since I am currently taking Wednesdays off, I signed up for the 9:30 AM slot. I wish I had paid attention to the date. Apparently, fellow exam takers had filled all the slots for last week and I had inadvertently registered for this week.

I headed off to the LCCC to take my exam. After realizing my mistake, I felt embarrassed and stupid. The staff at the LCCC tried to fit me in but was unable to do so. I get two and a half hours for each of my exam but I am usually done within forty-five minutes. However, they have to block out that time in case it takes me the full exam time.

The good news, of course, is that I eventually took and passed the exam last Wednesday. This means that I am now a Microsoft Certified Professional Developer (Windows Developer on Visual Studio 2005)! I still have at least a half dozen other exams I want to take and certificates I want to earn. I have already started preparing for my Microsoft 70-529: .NET Framework 2.0 – Distributed Application Development exam.

However, just because I have been working on certification does not mean I have neglected my schoolwork. I just completed my "Database Management" and "Advanced Visual Basic" classes. I received a 99.6% in the former and a 100% in the latter.

Next week, I will be attempting three classes: "College Algebra," "Software Development Leadership," and "Advanced Visual Basic II." I know it will be a lot of work, but I want to get my degree as soon as I can. Besides, I want to keep this momentum going for as long as I can.

Bookmark/Search this post with: