Memorial Day

05/27/2008 8:15pm

I hope everyone had a safe holiday weekend. I did not do too much. I mostly stayed inside and worked on school work. I am off of work for the next couple of weeks. So, I am hoping that things will stay quiet.

I am currently studying for my Microsoft 70-536: .NET Framework 2.0 Application Development Foundation exam. I have studied for other certification exams before. However, usually by the time I am ready to take the exam, there is an updated exam. I am finally forcing myself to take an exam (tomorrow!). I am very nervous. I think that I will do well. However, if I do not pass, I will try to take it next week. If and when I pass, I will finally be on my way to be a Microsoft Certified Professional.

Since I am feeling better since my treadmill accident, I wanted to start jogging again. I did not get far. One of the circuit boards is fried. Now, I have to wait for a replacement. I may have to go outside for a change.
===================
Can You Hear Me Now?
05/19/2008 7:09am
I switched to Vonage several months ago. It is about half the cost of using the local land line provider. Since voice mail is a free feature, I no longer have to use an answering machine. Of course, since my cell phone now rings simultaneously, I can answer calls that I would have otherwise missed. I also like that my monthly bill amount is fixed. In addition, as it is extremely easy to view my call history online, I do not even receive a paper bill.

I am still receiving multi-page paper bills from my land line carrier. I had had a credit of sixty-seven cents for the last few months. Only recently did they send me a refund check. I will bet that I will receive at least one more bill. They probably wasted more than the amount of my credit balance just in postage.

Now that I receive more calls on my cell phone, both for personal and professional use, it is important that I am actually able to receive calls. Rachel and I have noticed that our cell phones' battery life has become severely diminished. I used to get about three days of use on a single charge. However, lately I had been having to charge it daily just so I could accept a single call.

I tried to purchase batteries online. But, they were either cost-prohibitive or out of stock. I broke down and went to a local Verizon store last Friday. We were in the store well over ninety minutes. After much searching, they could not find any replacement batteries. So, they decided to replace our phones for free. I am not complaining that we got free phones. But, I wish they would let us choose the replacements. I would have been willing to kick in the difference for a different phone had they asked.

I do like the new phone with one exception: It has buttons on the front. My old cell phone holder does not fit the phone. So, I have been keeping the phone in my pocket. Unfortunately, I keep hitting the buttons on the front. At least the battery life is good. I have not charged it since Friday night and the battery is still three quarters full.

===================

Time Marches On
05/13/2008 8:03am
This past week has been relatively quiet. So far, my schoolwork has been easy; I do more complex stuff at work. Rachel and I recently finished The Simpsons Game on the Wii. I am still working on Super Paper Mario when Rachel is not home.

This morning, I felt like I was forgetting something. Aside from my shoelace ripping through my shoe, the morning was typical. It was not until I was halfway into my commute that I realized it was birthday. I am not expecting to do anything or receive anything special. My wife and I already agreed that getting the Wii should suffice.

When I got to work, I had several automated e-mails from various websites I frequent wishing me a happy birthday. I wish that I could have a less automated response. I did receive a text message from my younger sister. I had not heard from her in about a year. While short and impersonal, at least she remembered. Of course, seeing how we share the same birthday, I am not surprised.


===================

Wii Have A Problem

05/04/2008 11:55pm

Recently, the US Government approved a stimulus payment to us taxpayers. The payment schedule was based on the last two digits of the taxpayer's Social Security Number as well as if the taxpayer's refund was direct deposited.

Thanks to having a very low number, Rachel and I got our stimulus payment on Friday. Most of the money will go to bills and such. But, we decided to splurge on a Nintendo Wii. Wiis are still tough to find in retail stores. Rachel was lucky to find a Target store with two available.

The package comes with the Wii console, a Wii Remote (Wiimote), a Nunchuk, and the Wii Sports game. We wanted to get another Wiimote with Nunchuk, a couple of classic controllers, and a few games. Unfortunately, the amount of accessories was limited at the store. Rachel was only able to pick up a Nunchuk, a single classic controller, The Simpsons Game, and Super Paper Mario.

She intended to go to a different store to find the remaining accessories and maybe some other games. But, one of my coworkers wanted a Wii also. So, she went back into the store, bought the remaining Wii console, and headed home.

After I got home, we went to a different Target store in search of another Wiimote and classic controller. They did have the controller, but no Wiimotes. Fortunately, we noticed that the Wii Play game included a Wiimote! We also picked up a charge station. Now we were set.

I set up the Wii and we stared to play Wii Sports. It takes a bit to get used to. But, it was very fun. We also played all the games in Wii Play.

On Saturday, I was able to add the Wii to my WiFi network. The installation would have been quicker if I had been broadcasting my SSID, had a shorter key, and did not use MAC filtering. But, it was pretty painless overall. I played a few games in Wii Sports, then went off to other things.

When Rachel got home, we tried Super Paper Mario. We were disappointed. We hoped it was a two-player game. Rachel watched while I attempted to play for a half hour. I was not actually playing; I was just going through the dialog between the characters. Ugh.

We switched to The Simpsons Game. I started out as Homer. Again, we were disappointed as it only appeared that it was only a single player game. But, once I got past the tutorial, we were able to play simultaneously. We ended up playing for about five hours.

Today, I tried Super Paper Mario again. Once you get past the dialog, it is actually fun to play. But, as it is only a single player game, I will have to play when Rachel is doing other things. For now, we are still playing The Simpsons Game. We logged about eight hours of game play tonight.

===================

Gas Shortage
05/02/2008 7:49am
I know that gas prices are steadily increasing. The only solution is to stop using gas. One could use a vehicle that uses an alternative energy source (such as electricity or human power).

While filling up my vehicle, I made the hard decision to stop driving. It is costing too much not to mention the damage it is doing to the environment. When I completed the fill up, I could not even get back into my vehicle. I know that seems a bit drastic. However, as the saying goes, desperate times call for desperate measures.

I ended up calling my wife to help me out of my situation. Once she arrived, I was reluctantly able to drive again. Of course, I had stupidly locked my keys in the car and she only came to bring a spare key. It sounds better when I tell it my way. :)

In all the years driving, I have only locked the keys in my vehicle maybe three times. I had already been running late when my fuel light came on. I was obviously not thinking when I exited my vehicle without removing my keys. I felt so stupid. I had to stand outside in the rain, waiting for Rachel to bail me out.

What I said about gas prices and the environment is still true. I need to get a more fuel-efficient vehicle. It seems everything comes down to money. If I had money to spare, I could buy a hybrid or an electric vehicle. Of course, if I had money to spare, I could simply move about forty miles closer to work. Actually, if I had money to burn, I probably would not complain about gas prices.

