The Greatest Thing Since Sliced Bread
08/04/2008 7:23am

Lately, I have wanted to make some bread. Rachel and I used to own a bread machine. However, I did not like having a gaping hole in one end of the loaf. As such, we sold the machine around the time we moved from California to Ohio.

Anyway, I had most of the ingredients. I did have to go to the store to buy a new loaf pan and some yeast. The process was painless. It took about ten minutes of preparation time, ninety minutes of proofing time, thirty minutes of cooking, and ten minutes of cleanup. I could not find the temperature probe for our thermometer. So, I had to guess at the water temperature. In addition, I was unable to find our rolling pin, so I had to roll and shape the loaves by hand.

The result was worth it though when I pulled the GBD (golden brown and delicious) loaves from the oven. It is times likes this that I wish I had a better sense of smell. With all the patience I could muster, I waited until the loaves cooled down until I cut into them. Everything came out as expected. In fact, the only problem I had was cutting the loaves into consistently sized slices.

I did not do the math, but I am betting that making bread in this manner is more expensive than store-bought bread (especially if I "taste test" half a loaf). However, if I bought my ingredients in bulk, it might eventually be worth it. I have been craving good sourdough rounds ever since I left the San Francisco area. If I create my own sourdough starter, I would not have buy yeast. Of course, I would have to buy more flour. For now, I will keep to the basics and see how things progress.

In the midst of my baking, I also made some split pea soap from scratch. For just a few dollars, I can make enough servings for me for a week (Rachel is not a fan of split pea soup). I have been getting sick of buying prepared foods and especially eating out. It is both unhealthy and expensive. So, Rachel and I are trying to make all of our own meals. We are starting slowly.

For example, instead of ordering pizza, we are going to create our own. We will be using a crust mix for now. If that turns out well, I hope to create my own crust from scratch.

In retrospect, it is probably a poor idea to write about food between meals. Now I am hungry again.

===================



Flour Power
08/25/2008 7:22am

I have been baking bread recently. After doing the math, I found that it is not cost-effective to bake your own bread. At least if you buy the ingredients in small quantities. Unfortunately, the selection is limited at the local grocery store. But fortunately, there are a few warehouses and wholesale clubs. So, this weekend I picked up ten pounds of sugar, twenty-five pounds of flour, and a brick of yeast.

Assuming I use all the ingredients, the savings add up. For example, at my normal grocery store, I could by six packets of yeast for the same price as the brick. Six packets of yeast yield six loaves. The brick will yield at least sixty. Of course, buying in bulk has some disadvantages. For example, we had to buy containers for the flour. But, they will last a long time.

On Saturday, I made two loaves of a basic white bread (some of which quickly became garlic bread). I also made some French bread last night. I think I went a bit heavy on the egg wash. But, it looks okay. I will have to wait until I get home tonight for the taste testing.


===================

Mmm Cornbread
08/12/2008 7:41am

Not to be outdone by my recent bakery prowess (all of four loaves of bread), Rachel made some cornbread last night. It was very good. We have been trying to eat healthier. This means that now we actually have to make a concerted effort to plan and build meals. Rachel has spearheaded this initiative by selecting recipes and building an ingredient list.

I, of course, would eat any of the recipes; I am not fussy. Rachel, on the other hand, rarely ventures into untested territory. So, when she pulled out a recipe for tuna steaks with tomatoes and feta cheese, I asked if she was feeling okay. She does not like tomatoes or feta cheese unless they are mixed in with something else. In addition, she has never had tuna steaks. She has only had the stuff in the can and is assuming that they are the same. But, I am sure that we will both enjoy the meal.

Over the weekend, we did shopping for two weeks worth of meals. It was the first time in a long time that fresh produce made up the bulk of our grocery cart. I wish that produce were as cheap here in Ohio as it is in California. But, we will manage. Buying "fresh" fish was a new experience. Our local grocery store does not have a large seafood section. We had to settle on frozen tuna steaks.

For the first time in a very, very long time, I do not believe we picked up any prepared foods this time. Nor, did we stray from our shopping list. Okay, so we went to Arby's on the way home. But, at least we are making an effort. Last night, we had a lovely salad. It was so good that both of us are taking some for lunch today and will probably have the remainder tonight.

