Going Green
View
What links here
Tue, 04/01/2008 - 11:41am — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
As Kermit the Frog often said, "it ain't easy being green." Isn't that the truth? Yes, I try to recycle and such, but it is not enough. A blogger mentioned that her calculated carbon footprint is around 20 tons of carbon dioxide. I was only a bit surprised that when I calculated mine, it was at 100 tons.

The biggest problem is my commute. I commute about forty-seven miles each way to work in 2002 Dodge Durango. I never intended to use this vehicle full time. It just ended up that way.

I had been working at home at the time with Rachel doing most of the driving. She had been using a 1999 Dodge Dakota for a commute. It was okay in the gas mileage department (for trucks), but not so good in the traction department. During one snowy season, she had a few accidents. Also, as I was stranded at home, we decided to get another vehicle.

A year later, I changed to my present job. We had intended on moving closer, but we were unable to sell our house in time before the housing market plummeted. Since we could not sell our house, we wanted to make some improvements to hopefully save on our utility bills. Unfortunately, with high gas prices, that never happened.

I know that I can easily reduce my carbon footprint and become greener. The only thing I need right now is more green.


How Easy Is It To Ignite Gasoline?
View
What links here
Wed, 04/23/2008 - 8:31am — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
I do not normally think about how easy it is to ignite gasoline. I know that flame (as from a match) or a single spark can ignite gasoline. Anyway, as I was standing at a gas pump, I started to contemplate the combustibility of gasoline. I do not smoke, but if I did, I would be smart enough not to smoke near the gas pumps. I know from experience that entering and exiting my vehicle generates static electricity. I always stay outside my vehicle when filling and dissipate the stored charge before I get close to my gas tank. I have serious doubts that cell phones will cause a problem, but I do leave them in the vehicle. It is better to be safe than sorry.

As I was preparing to leave the station, another vehicle pulled up behind me and started to pump without shutting off his vehicle. I know that truck drivers do not always turn off their vehicles. My understanding is that diesel fuel has to be compressed before it will ignite. But, this was just a (crappy looking) car.

When I was pulling out of the gas station, I was almost hoping that the gasoline would combust, blowing up the person and his car. Of course, I would feel sorry for the passengers in his vehicle. In addition, I would have to pick a less-convenient station. I guess it is good that nothing bad happened.

Bookmark/Search this post with:

Back From The Hospital
Wed, 04/16/2008 - 7:12am — James A. Gayhart
During a routine checkup, our veterinarian noticed that Kara's teeth needed cleaning. As all three dogs have the same routine, we are not quite sure why her teeth were significantly worse than the other two dogs. At any rate, we had the vet do a full cleaning.

Rachel dropped off Kara at the vet on Monday and picked her up yesterday afternoon. Kara seemed a bit lethargic at first (understandably considering the anesthesia and drugs she was given). But, she seems back to normal. It will take a few days before she is back to her normal routine.

I was reading her "after surgery" care instructions. It gave recommendations for food, water, and such. I did think it funny that we are supposed to prevent her from licking her wounds. Um yeah, how exactly would we prevent her from licking her teeth?

Bookmark/Search this post with:


Everything Is Coming Up Aces
Mon, 04/14/2008 - 8:01pm — James A. Gayhart
I finished my two classes, "Introduction to Web Design" and "Networking Concepts," last week. Today, I received my official grade report. As typical for technical/computer classes, I aced both classes. I received a 100% in the former class while only receiving a 98.64% in the latter.

Now, I have a few days off before I start my next two classes: "Database Management" and "Advanced Visual Basic." I am really enjoying my classes so far. However, I want to take an additional class each term. While it will be more work, I will earn my degree quicker.

Bookmark/Search this post with:

To Everything Turn, Turn, Turn
Mon, 04/07/2008 - 7:08pm — James A. Gayhart
As the weather is starting to turn, it is time to change the direction of our fan blades. However, I can never remember which way it should be blowing. So, I figured that I would write it down now. In the warmer months, the fan should be blowing down. In theory, this creates a wind-chill effect and cools you down. In the cooler months, the fan should be blowing upwards. This circulates the air without creating a wind-chill effect. Now, I no longer need to remember which direction the fans should be blowing; I just need to remember to change them. Of course, your mileage might vary.

Bookmark/Search this post with: