Inauguration Ceremony

01/20/2009 9:52pm
Rachel and I went to the Lorain Palace Theatre to watch Barak Obama's Presidential Inauguration Ceremony. I am not really a political person. However, I had never been to that theater. In addition, it is a historical event. There were a number of news crews there. One of them even caught a picture of us standing there.

===================

New Job

01/15/2009 4:26pm

I started working at Tri-C (Cuyahoga Community College) last Monday as a Programmer/Analyst in the Distance Learning department. So far it has been a fun and interesting experience. The first day was spent on orientation. About a dozen of us new employees were doing orientation that day. Human Resources helped fill out forms. We talked with Parking, Payroll, and Benefits. We also viewed a few videos about the college.

Since orientation let out a bit earlier than I had expected, I decided to get my ID card (My Tri-C Card) that day. The card serves as my identification. It also allows access to some door. Additionally, I can use it to buy items at any of the vending machines or stores on campus. I spent my first week buying lunch at the local store. If I had somewhere to sleep, I would not have to leave the campus! I will bring my lunch most days. However, it is nice to have other options.

The next day, I reported to the building I would be working at. I was not quite sure where I was allowed to park; the lot next to my building does not include staff parking. I drove around until I found a staff parking lot. Then, I spent almost a half hour trying to track down where I needed to be. Fortunately, I had allowed enough time so that I could arrive on time. Actually, I arrived early; I had to wait for someone to unlock the offices.

I have spent the past two weeks setting up my workspace and immersing myself in the process. I figured I would not be completely productive for at least a month. But, I have had good conversations with the rest of the team and I hope I have provided some meaningful insights.

My department is underground. The downside is that there is no view. The upside is that the offices can double as a bomb shelter. Speaking of offices, I was actually surprised to receive my own office. It has been a few years since I have had my own office. I do not mind working in a cubicle. However, it is nice to occasionally close the door.

Of course, the next challenge is getting keys to my office. My credentials were updated yesterday meaning that I can finally use my ID card to get into the main door. Previously, I would either have to press the doorbell and wait for someone to let me in. Or, I would have to go upstairs or find my way back down if no one was available. The office doors require a physical key. So, until I get that set of keys, I have to rely on my coworkers to let me in.

I know that it would take me quite awhile to fully integrate me into the system. I am just so anxious to be a productive member of the team. I will just have to be patient for the time being. Since I do not have any specific tasks yet, I have been exploring what the college has to offer. I recently signed up for a few free Health and Wellness classes. If I complete enough of them by the deadline, I will receive some money used towards paying my medical benefits.

I wish I lived closer. However, the commute is a bit better. It is difficult to tell though as traffic has been bumper-to-bumper lately due to poor weather. I have noticed a gas savings already. I used to have to fill up every two to three days. Now, I think that I can get by with once a week.

All I can say now is that I am happy that I picked Tri-C. I was getting sick of filling out applications, handing out resumes, doing interviews, and performing skills tests. I am also tired of receiving offers from companies who were obviously unaware of the market rate for programmers. One offer was about twenty percent below what I was the going rate. One software company had an interesting entry on their application: Write an original 40-60 word poem about your current or most recent job. That was a bit unexpected. My poem must not have helped. But, I thought it was cute:

Writing HMI programs was fun.
But, my life at GED is done.

The housing market took quite the dip,
Now I have been told to take a trip.

I am at home now, down with the blues.
Hoping for a job; no steel-toe shoes.

My skills are sharp, companies will race.
Hire me, and find out why I'm called "Ace".


===================


New Year's 2009

01/01/2009 7:54pm

I hope everyone had a good holiday. Unlike most years, Rachel and I actually dressed up and went out to celebrate. It is the first time since our wedding since she has worn a dress! She looked wonderful in it. She will probably post the pictures we took on her site.

We had dinner at The Melting Pot. They had a special New Year's Eve menu. The night started with a half bottle of Martini & Rossi Asti Spumante. We then had a choice of cheese fondues. We decided to go with the French Onion Swiss. It was quite similar to French Onion soup. It was also quite good.

The second course was the salad course. We both had the Crisp Spinach with Goat Cheese salad. In addition to the spinach and goat cheese, the salad had onions, feta cheese, tomatoes, mushrooms, and nuts. Rachel would normally only eat the onions and nuts. But, she tried it. She even had a mushroom, even though she usually abhors "fungi."

The third course was the entrée course. It had Lobster Tail, Garlic & Herb Filet Mignon, Italian Chicken, Lemon Shrimp, Gorgonzola & Spinach Ravioli, Citrus Marinated Pork, and Saffron Sea Scallops. The only seafood Rachel will eat is tuna salad. She does not like eating seafood if it is not mixed with something else. But, in the spirit of the evening, she tried a bit of lobster.

The final course was the chocolate fondue course. We choose the Wild Raspberry Chocolate. It was white chocolate with raspberries and flavoring. Normally the dessert course is heavy. But, the raspberry chocolate was both light and refreshing.

After dining, we stopped at my mother-in-law's work to show off Rachel and to chat a bit. Then, we went to Rachel's work. A number of coworkers were shocked. I guess when you see someone wear red and khaki everyday any change can be shocking.

Like past years, it is time for some reflection. Last year's resolution was to "beat my record for the number of consecutive days of being alive." I obviously beat my previous record. This year, I want to finish my Bachelor's degree. At the current rate, I should finish by summer. Of course, with a new job starting up, I might not have as much free time as I used to have. My other goal for this year is to lose at least twenty pounds. Actually, I want to lose a lot more. But, that is the most that Wii Fit will let me enter.

Last January, I did some business traveling; Rachel turned thirty and celebrated at Chuck E. Cheese; and I started at a new school.

In February, we celebrated Valentine's Day and had to do major vehicle repairs.

In March, ice storms ruined our gutters; snow delayed our travels; and I had a treadmill accident.

In April, we took Kara to the hospital.

In May, I locked myself out of my vehicle; we finally got a Wii; and we switched to Vonage.

In June, I became a Microsoft Certified Professional; we did the American Diabetes Associate Tour de Cure ride for the third year in a row; I won my school's programming competition; and I earned my Microsoft Certified Professional Developer certification.

In July, we celebrated our country's independence; got my treadmill working again; and became sidetracked on the way to work.

In August, I made bread from scratch and Rachel made cornbread.

In September, my employer (and I) won an award; Rachel and I watched the sun set on Lake Erie; I dodged jury duty; and we volunteered for the 15th Annual Komen Northeast Ohio Race for the Cure.

In October, both Rachel and her mom went to the hospital; I lost my job; the first snow of the season fell; and we avoided Halloween.

In November, Barack Obama became President-Elect; the city finally repaired the water leak in front of our house; a squirrel beat up Kelly; Rachel and I celebrated seven years of marriage; and we celebrated Thanksgiving.

In December, our candle exploded; someone fraudulently used our credit cards; Rachel went back to the hospital; we won Anniversary Couple of the Day; and we celebrated Christmas.

At first, 2008 seemed like a crummy year. After reflection, however, it was a decent year. I look forward to 2009 and the challenges it will bring.