Valentine’s Day 2009
View
What links here
Sat, 02/14/2009 - 10:05pm — James A. Gayhart
Printer-friendly version
Whew! Things have been crazy here. My main computer at home had problems a few weeks ago. I ultimately had to wipe the hard drive and start over. I did not lose any data; I have good backups. However, it took quite a long time to get up back up and in a usable condition. I still do not have all the software reinstalled. But, my current classes are coming to a close. I needed to catch up on all my homework. I am nearly caught up now.

Last night, I was finalizing my experiential learning portfolio. The document is well over eighty pages! Well, I submitted that draft to my professor at 1:45 this morning and headed of to dreamland. Just before, 3:00 AM, we got a call saying that my mother-in-law Pam was going to the hospital. She accidentally stabbed herself with a knife while doing dishes. It took four stitches to sew up the wound. But, she is doing okay now. Unfortunately, it was nearly 6:00 AM before we got home. We had a quick breakfast and went back to sleep.

I did not wake up again until after noon. Rachel and I exchanged cards. With me being so busy lately, I had not had the time to pick up a card. Fortunately, the Tri-C bookstore saved me. Yesterday, they were selling Valentine’s Day items. I picked up a couple a cards and a stuffed beagle.

This evening, we went to The Melting Pot. As usual, the meal was excellent. We got a nice digital picture of us as well as a goodie bag. Then, we stopped at a candy store to pick up a small box of chocolates. Overall, it was a great day.

Bookmark/Search this post with: